♪ With the promise that he made ♪ ♪ We'll have broken on the floor ♪ ♪ With the blues that found your heart ♪ ♪ We'll let you beg it for more ♪ ♪ With the promise that he made ♪ ♪ We'll have broken on the floor ♪ ♪ With the blues that found your heart ♪ ♪ We'll let you beg it for more ♪ ♪ We'll let you beg it for more ♪ ♪ We'll let you beg it for more ♪
♪ Into everything ♪ ♪ My only desperation, my only life ♪ ♪ The time will take us all ♪
In its wake, clearly, I will stay And wipe away from you
They say why.
Why they want to terminate my command.
I was sent on a classified mission, sir.
no longer classified, is it?
What did they tell you?
They told me that you had gone totally insane.
And that your methods were
Unsound.
Are my methods unsound?
I don't see any method at all, sir.
Testing 1-2.
Test 1-2.
Testing.
A little tear came to my eye when I read the note about the 10 bluegill caught in the Apple River.
I wish
A huge part of me wishes I could give that to my sons.
Right now they're floundering in Pittsburgh and I've got to do something about it and that brought a little tear to my eye.
I don't know what to say other than that.
Thank you very much for making that comment.
I'm glad somewhere that still exists.
If you're not watching this guy's output, you're not watching.
Please make sure you're paying attention to what this man is doing.
His work is as important as mine is right now, because these people are meddlers, and they have been meddling for a very, very long time.
Different teams pretending to be different people, and it's all...
It's all terrible right now.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not,
there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
I somehow didn't cue that up right.
Look at how this works.
It's just a...
Just an imperfect one-man show here, that's all I can really say.
One day at a time trying to dispel the enchantment.
It's never gonna be perfect, but we're gonna get better and better.
That's what you saw at the Red Pill conference.
I expect lots of minute-by-minute responses to that, of course.
Very doubtful.
I got all doubtful.
I'm trying to adjust the sound in my ears.
That's the problem here.
It sounds really loud to me.
Yeah, the music is really loud.
I see that now.
Okay, I got that.
Something was really overloading there.
And this one is like slow.
We need that at about 115.
I like that better.
Oh boy.
Can you hear me better now?
I am Katniss.
I think you were actually first today there, by the way.
So if you just send me an email, I'll get the, get the cash in the envelope and in the mail immediately.
Um,
Yeah, it's really just a matter of what is perceived to be true.
There was no evidence of spread in New York City.
It could be fraud, could be murder and fraud, could be murder, fraud and fraud.
Infectious clones are the only real threat.
How about we just say transfection?
and transformation of any kind is a real thing.
And that they have not been, we haven't really been talking about that as the basis for virology.
And nobody has, not even the people who object to virology and could have used that as an extra driver in their set of wedges.
I mean, I don't understand.
Um, placebo badges is another thing that people could have used like a bludgeon.
Um, but none of them seem to have been able to explain that in addition to all the other crazy things they've been pulling their hair out about, imagine if these people were clever enough to use placebos!
And of course, we're still not using the word transfection.
We now have actual no-virus-promoting people going around asking, what should we call these shots?
As if, you know, nobody's been screaming from the rooftops for four years that they're transfections.
The protocols were definitely murder, but it's just a question of how do you really describe that accurately, and I think I'm one of the few people on the internet, Mark Kulak's one of the few people on the internet that likes to try to be very inclusive so that people understand that as long as they killed as many people as possible and blamed as much of it on the virus, that would work, right?
So I mean, if...
It's just extraordinary where we are the Scooby-Doo is still on you saw two days ago We looked at a Senate hearing yesterday, which is just the Scooby-Doo on stage and the people who disagree with this Scooby-Doo narrative Are attributed bad motives, you know, we're bad guys I don't know who we work for now because seems like to me I couldn't work for anybody anymore because nobody everybody hates me so I guess I'm not getting paid by anyone and
Which is good, because then I guess that means that this stream is going to disappear very soon, and they won't have any problems with me anymore, but I'm afraid that's not the case.
They're much more worried about what people see when they are shown through GigaOM Biological.
That's what they're really worried about, because not... Social media has made it hard.
So hard that people who normally would have seen, haven't seen it.
People who would have otherwise figured it out 20 years ago if there were only three channels to watch, or would have figured it out if this was a controversy over a trading scheme for two different sports teams.
But since it was about virology, and since we've been told to go limp when it's not our expertise, when it comes to science, then people haven't figured out that AI is an illusion, and the promise that AI and data collection is gonna get to the stage where we can just
kind of turn the crank and out will come the solution to humanity's problems is just a pipe dream unless the answer is 42.
So we are asking some dangerous questions that a lot of people have been asking, but not in the way that, you know, gets you to the answer.
And that's what's starting to become very, very obvious to us.
The more we move forward together as a group on Giga Home Biological, the charlatans and the power that they have over us is nearly completely transparent because we finally realized that there's at least two or three sides to this story and they would indeed turn
the legacy of a father against a son they would definitely use the legacy of a father against us and uh the most beautiful patriot that that may have ever walked the earth at one point or another from the american perspective may well be being used actively against us right now which is pretty scary for me to say out loud but you know might as well tell the truth while the mic still works uh no one else is gonna do it
So I think this is really a wave, it's a coordinated wave, and it's just that we have grossly underestimated, every one of us, including me and Mark, have grossly underestimated how many people this wave is composed of, and how coordinated the network is, how many different accounts are fake on Twitter.
It's finally hit me like a ton of bricks that
Kevin McKernan on the 24th of April, 2020, already declared on the Vance Crowe podcast that Twitter was the place where this argument was taking place.
And then he reinforced that idea again on May 12th, 2020, again on the same podcast.
And this wave of consensus has been an illusion all along, just like that fake wave that that guy was surfing on.
We can surf on this one really easy because it goes to the deep water.
We don't even need to be afraid of it because if we wipe out, it's not going to bash us into the coral reef.
It's going to bash us into the deep water and it's going to be fine.
And anytime they want to, they can turn it off.
That's how sad this is.
And we've all been made to believe through our own skillful social media use, including my own, because of course, remember, I got trapped first and foremost on Twitter by a group called Drastic.
And we need to stay focused on the biology.
We don't want to take their bait anymore.
It might be time to leave Twitter altogether, although you get so much good stuff from that.
There's so much clowning going on there.
The problem is, is nobody sees the same thing.
And so there's an illusion that's created already because you think you're using something that isn't being used against you, but it's actually wholly turned against you.
So we've got to spread this word as much as we can.
Um, and we've got to keep pressure on.
Can't get distracted by the stuff that they're going to pull.
Although today I am going to, I am going to take you into the well again.
The dark, dark well.
Uh, the cesspool that is T. Morris K. Samario.
because team worst case scenario is where I got trapped and the reason why I wasn't able to save some of my friends and family because I was trapped in their illusion, in their illusion of consensus.
And I want to take a look every once in a while at that.
I want to use Thursdays to do it.
We can't always do it.
We're not always going to go back.
to this particular person, but I think it's really important because things can be revealed if done correctly.
We don't have to dip our feet too long into this filth.
But we will do it today because the illusion is sustained only through your active participation.
And I think if you're shown the illusion as well as I can, then it's really going to punch through some people.
So a united non-compliance is where we're going and so I want to help you see the illusion.
Just give me a second to get everything going.
This is Giga Home Biological.
Hello everybody.
First and foremost, thanks to who remains right now kind of anonymous.
I don't know if you meant to be that way or not, but somebody sent me this t-shirt before I went to the Red Pill and I didn't want to wear it there.
Because I already had a plan of what to do at the red pill you saw on stage I wore my basketball jersey the cheap thing that I printed on Amazon And that turned out actually to be a really smart thing because I didn't have any I didn't print up any business cards I didn't have anything to give away and so I was just taking selfies with my basketball jersey on and that actually ended up to be really good because I got the name out there a little bit not that I have
I haven't even gained a subscriber since I got back from the Red Pill Conference, but that's okay.
What I have gained is a lot more ire and negative attention from the clown show.
And I've come to realize that that's a very good barometer for how over the target I am and for how desperate they are for me to stop saying whatever it is I just said.
So since the Red Pill Conference was such a kind of t-ball event where it felt like I was in a batting cage and
And at one point in high school, I could hit really well in the batting cage, but I'll be really honest, in front of a pitcher, I couldn't, I couldn't.
I mean, I was, I was hopeless.
I mean, it was really a couple, three years of disappointment, right?
Because I could go in the batting cage and just ring them.
And then when I would get in front of a, get in front of a pitcher, I would just, I mean, I was terrible.
So anyway, freedom is measured in ohms.
Thank you very much.
It's got a little family in the middle and stuff.
It's really quite bad-ass.
It's a good idea, a good design.
And it can make me pretty happy when somebody sends something like that.
So I don't need a lot more T-shirts.
Please don't everybody start doing that because I mean, you know how that works with T-shirts and stuff, but it was a really nice gesture.
So I'm a human just like you.
I will make mistakes.
I probably not taught everything correctly, but I can tell you one thing for sure.
I'm not being told what to say.
And for absolute sure, I'm sure that a lot of these people are working together.
And those two things you can take to the bank.
because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And none of these people will address this simple idea and say, well, at least Jay's right about that.
They will cut me down, swear about me, make fun of me, do say 10 or 12 hours of straight streaming titled after me over the course of a month.
There's some pretty unique phenomenon happening around the world that are associated with this stream.
So if you're here for the first time, welcome to The Edge.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent, and it always was.
And in fact, it took me a while to realize that fact in 2020.
And in fact, I think a lot of people should have come to that conclusion.
in listening to the description on PBS NewsHour given by Bill Gates or in listening to the description of it in any number of other media sources.
So finally, RNA cannot pandemic.
I've noticed a recent theme now where everybody's saying that now I'm saying there's no viruses and all this other stuff.
This is the furthest from the truth.
It's just the idea that viruses as the cartoon pathogen
I don't think that that's a very valid claim.
It is possible that RNA for a brief period of time could be self-replicable.
I mean, it could replicate itself.
It's possible that a transfection would result in protein expression that could result in
inflammation.
If that protein itself was inflammatory or immunogenic and you coughed it out, then coughing that protein on someone else could cause them to have similar symptoms as you.
But all of these things are not the same thing as an RNA molecule causing a pandemic.
And so again, I will challenge you to be able to see already, if you've been following me for a while, that even though these people
These people feign as though they are putting me up on a tee and hitting me with a nine iron.
It's not happening because they're not addressing these ideas.
They're feigning it.
They make a little straw man that they say represents one of these ideas.
And then they, they say that Jay ignores me like the bolus and explaining that, that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
But if you do intramuscular injection with aspiration first, then it's fine.
And that's just the most absurd thing I've ever heard in my whole life because it ignores the heart of the biological aspect of that statement.
And the same thing with transfection, it's just always the same thing.
You know, oh, he doesn't talk about the lipid nanoparticle.
Yes, he does talk about the lipid nanoparticle.
Oh, he doesn't talk about frameshift.
Yes, he does.
No, he doesn't.
All of these things are part of a long list of things that we said were bad about it.
And we've always started with the statement that even if it was in its perfect form, in its purest form, in its least toxic lipid nanoparticle, transfection, the expression of a foreign protein in random tissues in your body would suck.
And it's so simple for these people to explain, but instead they spend hours and hours trying to characterize my motives as being bad or me as being stupid.
I mean, it would be really easy to ignore me.
I only have 3,000 followers on Twitch.
My videos get like 150 views after a week on my own platform.
Nobody's watching me.
So it's hard to really explain why people spend so much time on me.
The only thing I can come to is that the numbers that I see don't mean the people that have seen me.
And so there are other ways to say it.
And again, these people aren't gonna talk about how we have been bamboozled and how long we've been bamboozled.
They wanna focus specifically on the pandemic, nevermind the fact that this has been going on since Gallo, since Baltimore, since Gardner, since Kaprowski, since Plotkin.
All of these people are the grandfathers of this mess and the ideological headmasters of this school.
And yet somehow or another, the rest of these pinheads are only focused on the last four years and the characters that mainstream media and social media have chucked in our faces.
You know, like, like, like Angie Rasmussen, for the love of goodness.
I know that Kevin McCarren's had a crush on her for how long?
How many different lingerie photos does he post of her every stream for the first two years of this?
So I'm going to get out of that slideshow and there's the video there that we're going to start with, but I've got another slide deck that I want to go through because there is a story to tell here.
And there are few things that are more dishonorable than misleading the young.
And I think that's what these people have been up to for quite some time.
It has been a coordinated effort.
I know it seems diabolical, but if you believe this is a national security event and you believe that
fifth-generation warfare is being waged upon you, I assure you that fifth-generation warfare includes more than one group of liars lying to you about their relationship.
I assure you that fifth-generation warfare involves more than one group of liars lying to you about their relationship.
That is the primary mode of fifth generation warfare.
I assure you, it is groups of liars lying to you about their relationship, probably using multiple accounts on Twitter.
Twitter may be one of the fifth generation warfare that's being waged upon us right now.
It may be absolutely useless to anybody who's not a super user.
For all we know, every one of us sees a different set of tweets.
Every one of us never gets to see the people we think we're seeing, and it's already a screened group of random shit.
How would you know?
And these people might be able to send messages, share messages.
It might be like Slack for them, and for us it's Twitter.
Do you see my point here?
And if half of these people can edit each other or half of these people can be edited by another third party team or a group of people that decide, okay, we've got a plan.
Don't worry about what happens on your Twitter page today.
We're going to do some shit.
Don't worry about what shows up on your sub stack.
We're gonna put some stuff up today on a few sub stacks.
We got some moves to make.
That's how this is working right now, ladies and gentlemen.
It's not just people trying their best to write the article of the day.
It's not just people trying to tweet the retweet and answer and get clever.
This is an orchestrated show.
designed to get us to engage with it, just like that illusion about the mystery of the novel virus we all have to solve.
Twitter is made to get you to engage in it so that you think you're figuring shit out.
And it's not true.
A lot of these people actually might be lying about who they are, especially the anonymous ones.
And so today I would just like to single out, for example, that Kevin McCarran and Kevin McKernan
two supposedly completely independent actors have been in touch with me for a very, very long time.
You saw the podcast that we looked at that's still on YouTube, never got bounced from the 24th of April, 2020 with Kevin McKernan, trying to find my arrow up here.
And you know that I was on five podcasts in a row, about five weekends out of six in March and April, or sorry, in yeah, March and April of 2020.
And so since he was working already the podcast at the end of April and early May, and I was also being worked on podcasts in March and April and May, I thought it would be curious to see what kind of talking points we would find on the 20th of April, right before the 24th of April when he went on the Vance Crowe podcast and basically said everything that Tony Fauci would love him to say if he were part of a national security narrative control team.
that was put in place very early to make sure that they would have spokespeople in the PCR space that had time to do podcast appearances.
You know, like maybe on, I don't know, Alison Morrow's show or Shannon Joy, or maybe even Malick in a year or two, right?
And so these are all people who say we need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
And I would like to point out to you that on LifeSite News, Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCarran were featured in the same article in March.
March 4th, to be precise.
You can find it yourself.
where at the beginning of the article, they plug Kevin McCairn explains the mRNA technology used in the COVID jab is causing the same frame shifting that prior research indicates leads to harmful prion production.
Thought it was amyloid.
Maybe it's both.
I don't know.
Maybe he'll explain it later in here.
In recent months, the long denied dangers of mRNA injections have been tentatively admitted by the mainstream press.
So this is the LifeSite News, you know, where they promoted Malone and a lot of these other people very early.
An incredibly sketchy website.
If we read on, we find that there's even a presentation that was given to people in Australia about this shit.
And I guess he's at the Korean Brain Institute, which is weird because I think when we look at this video from, I would think when we look at this video with Addy Ads, Addy Ads has got something running under there that says he's at Kyoto University in Japan.
Here in this, he says he's at the Korea Brain Institute, which is really strange.
So I can't seem to get their shit right there.
And so this is just from March, 2024.
Talk about titrating the narrative and slow rolling these heroes together into one article.
If we go further into the article, you see that there's a video of Kevin McKernan at the bottom.
On February 29th, genomics expert Kevin McKernan spoke on how he too attempted to raise concerns over.
So they agree.
He too tried to raise, I'm totally down with Kevin McCairn.
How can we see it any other way than even if they weren't coordinating from the very beginning?
They're certainly coordinated now.
They're certainly on the same team of meddlers now.
This is a traitor.
Working with somebody who lives in Japan, who's been retired because he hurt his head or something.
I don't know what his story was, but he wasn't actively doing experiments at the start of the pandemic.
He was either medical leave or he was retired because of a medical thing.
He might even tell us in the video we're going to watch today.
But it is not random that these two characters are featured in a LifeSite news article.
That's not random.
They're not just going to do a page about me and Jessica Rose because we agree on something.
That doesn't happen.
And so this spread of dangerous ideas, this spread of bad ideas by dangerous people has been going on since the very beginning of the pandemic.
This is how they've been controlling us.
That's why you see on Twitter this ridiculous Scooby-Doo working its way out now where people are really like, oh my gosh, duh.
And how are they saying, duh?
It has to do with antibodies.
It has to do with an unusual fear and cleavage site.
It has to do with a DARPA diffuse proposal.
All of the bullshit that I said they were going to tie together in 2020.
And was the reason why I didn't want to be a part of drastic anymore.
The reason why Charles Rixey had to show up at my house in Pittsburgh so that we would stream about the DARPA Diffuse Proposal, and I would say, yeah, well, in neuroscience, you gotta have data before you can submit a grant.
So I guess maybe they had some data for this proposal, but it's a DARPA proposal.
DARPA proposals don't need data.
And certainly they wouldn't need data like an R01 grant from a young neuroscientist like I would have been talking about in that stream.
Oh my goodness, it's just, it can make me really want to vomit because of course, not even, I think a day ago, maybe two days ago, Kevin McCarren and all of his bubbling, I don't know, fury,
He defended all of these people and said that they speak well to the public.
That somehow, I guess, I'm losing my mind because I believe that these people might be against us, but he's from Japan and he knows for sure that these people just speak well to the public.
I don't think he's ever going to usefully address why this guy was saying the same thing that he was saying from a different angle at the same time in April 2020.
I don't think he's going to address why two weeks later he would have to come on that show and clarify some more about the PCR space, testing weed for the virus, while Kevin McCairn is in Japan saying that a billion people could die.
So my wife's staying at home and making masks for everybody we know.
We should lock down hard.
Co-streaming with a fake doctor named Paul Cottrell as if I mean Part of the reason why I didn't just stop streaming with Paul Cottrell was because Kevin McCarran behind the scenes kind of convinced me that we had to we had to monitor this dude because if he is fake then maybe we we can oppose him, you know, or
keep tabs on him or some shit I don't even remember anymore, to be honest.
But it wasn't a genuine, you know, come and talk to us about this stuff.
And he even specifically felt the need a couple days ago to say that, oh, it's ridiculous that he's kind of insinuating that I was working with Paul Cutrell.
Of course he was.
They were all working on the same team.
That's why they were streaming with somebody by the name of Addie Adds, because Addie Adds was working with George Webb already before the pandemic.
So, I mean, that's just a joke to me.
And of course, Paul Cutrell was promoted as George Webb's favorite of favorites.
So either Kevin McCairn didn't know that all those people were working together with George Webb already before the pandemic, or he was working with them.
Now, most likely he was working with them because he tried to rope me into some, you know, this is the fight.
This is the place to be.
You know, we have to oppose Andy Kaufman.
We have to speak up and make sure we don't, we say it's not 5G.
We have to make sure that we show that fake Dr. Paul Cottrell is selling silver.
Get me running in a hamster wheel that they're fully in control of.
Not much different than working for CHD if you don't have your head on straight and realize that there's meddlers in every group like I did.
And so instead of promoting me and using me to destroy the vaccine schedule, to teach immunology on their website, to teach a high school course to young biologists and support that work, they tried to keep me in an office and tried to keep me record collecting and tried to keep me database juggling.
The TV group at CHD wanted me to do a TV show and everybody said no.
That's definitely not why I'm there.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people are just liars.
I'm sorry, they're just liars.
And that's why Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone all had to be brought on Bobby's podcast.
And instead of me just talking to Bobby one-on-one for an hour about how virology is fake,
and how they use transfection and transformation to create the illusion of virology in animal models and in cell culture.
Instead, I got seven minutes and the rest of these clowns got to babble about the bullshit that Robert Malone said for 40 minutes before any of them talked.
And that's why Tess Laurie looks just as confused through the entire hour and a half show.
And it's not any different than what these three guys did to the guy behind me, Byron Bridle.
Made him feel like he was being listened to, made him feel like he was getting his point across.
And in the meantime, they're never, ever, ever going to get that ball over the edge where they say that this was always, I mean, we always knew it was bad though.
He knows it was always bad.
He knew it would always be bad.
But the way that these guys will take it forward will never adequately represent the idea that this guy knew that if it goes everywhere in your body that immunologically it's really, really, really dumb.
Even if it went exactly where you wanted it to, chances are it wouldn't work out the way you wanted it to.
But if it goes anywhere,
And everywhere, then you have a almost unlimited number of problems in the potential list.
What I want is high morbidity.
And so is this guy a whistleblower?
Is this guy somebody who was trying to tell us something in 2017?
Maybe.
I know for sure that I can credit him with really understanding what they were doing here.
And it took many, many repetitions for me to understand that several groups of liars agreeing to lie about their relationship between each other would be the ultimate in Lollapalooza of liars.
And that's why I think Lollapalooza of liars is so good, because you have different groups over there.
You have the TV group, and then you have this RFK Robert Malone group.
And then you also have some of these fringe groups, you know, over here with this Vajon Health and here at Vandenbosch over in the UK with that dude where Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey and Christine Grace also presented this past spring.
They all did like this weekend seminar where those three were a whole session.
And then the German guy who put that on was on Kevin McCarron's stream like two or three or three four weeks in a row it seemed like talking about prions and selling his uh his German cure for spike proteins.
So the grift is on ladies and gentlemen and they're not even they don't even care anymore probably because they know I'm invisible on Twitter and because they know that the only way to share me is via email.
So you got to change your strategies now you got to use your email list
You got to be clever and say, hey, I really need you to watch this video.
I know it's on Odyssey or I know it's somewhere where you don't go, but I need you to watch this guy's presentation because just ignore his introduction and just listen to what he's saying and try to use common sense and follow your heart.
Because I do think we can save a lot of people from this illusion that we need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
And I think the way that we can do it is point out that these people are really put in place.
They're fake.
The things that they talk about are fake.
The way they talk about is fake.
The things and the questions that they get excited about are fake.
And that's why this video taken from a discussion where apparently
Mr. Brandt has recently converted to Christianity, and they're talking about the usefulness of God and religion, and these are the two worst people to talk about that kind of stuff, simply because you can look at their lifelong history and what they've done as men, and you won't be very impressed.
You won't be very impressed at all.
And so here we are, right?
Here we are.
These are the traitors.
These are the people who are selling our kids out to get themselves a place in the ruling elite or get their little piece of comfort, whatever it is.
And they're all playing against us by curating this limited spectrum of debate as Noam Chomsky described.
That limited spectrum of debate was better described in some ways by Edward Bernays in 1924, when he said the manipulation of our habits and opinions is an important element of democratic society.
In fact, it's the true ruling power of the country if it's done by social media.
Maybe with newspapers and radio, it was a little harder.
You mean orders of magnitude harder to control people that hung out at speakeasies and met in bars and had social clubs.
It was much harder to control those people.
Now we don't have social clubs.
We don't meet out in bars anymore.
We're not socializing with our neighbors.
And so then now with social media, this is a joke.
What Edward Bernays described in 1924, he could never have imagined we'd be right here, right now, where my sons upstairs, if their mom is not being vigilant, will have phones in their hands.
And these people have resorted to one thing and one thing only over the last year, and that's to call me a liar, call me a cheater, call me a loser, call me a skinny bazoon, and put crack pipes in my mouth.
That's how you know, that's how you know that we are winning.
When Zuby and Dan Wilson perform on YouTube for the skilled social media users, you know we are winning big time.
And these people feel like they've won so that they can actually bring the two sides of the action together.
The actors from Act One with the actors from Act Two are now interacting in Act Three as people that have discovered each other as opposing forces.
And it's just hilarious because that's also what you see in the LifeSite article with McKernan and McCairn in the same article.
It is absurd.
Unless it was planned.
You know, like Kevin McCarron way on the Japanese end of this train and Kevin McKernan on the East Coast end of this train.
And in between you got a bunch of other people like Paul Cottrell on the New York part, middle of this train.
And maybe a Richard Fleming near the Japanese end.
And a Charles Rixey who's trying to figure out what part of the train to act on.
That's how this is done.
And then they're just lying about it so that our kids are enslaved by social media forever, so that we're enslaved by social media forever.
I pointed this out, I'm gonna point it out again because I think it's that important.
The heart group is probably full of shit, or at least Claire Craig is.
And the reason why Claire Craig is full of shit is because she's a diagnostic pathologist who's got a vested interest in the sampling of genomes, has a vested interest in AI and cancer diagnostics, which is basically, again, it's sequencing and it's AI.
And so we've seen a video of her where she's talking about testing and how it works.
And you make, you can only choose two of three things, you know, like a restaurant can only make good food, fast food or something, something.
And so you got to choose two of the three.
And so because she's also the co-chair of this group with a guy by the name of Jonathan Engler, who I guess I'm willing to go out of my way and say is probably a bad guy at this stage, it just bothers me a lot.
We're not going to watch this video, but this is the video where she talks about testing.
And she says all these crazy things.
It's it's I'm not going to play it again.
You can watch it from yesterday if you want to.
And so these two guys have been trying to corral me into writing a virology review.
I wanted to write a review that would respond to Kevin McKernan and the argument about how significant clones are relative to basic virology.
And they kind of balked on that after a couple of weeks of me annotating
article after article, and instead decided to write this for themselves and gave me about four days if I wanted to add anything.
And it's probably the worst virology review written since the beginning of the pandemic.
Sure, it addresses a lot of things, but I don't know if it clarifies anything.
And the worst part about this is, is that I had to tell them this in private messages on Twitter, because it really is not, I told you, I don't want to write it.
And I told you why, because we don't need to write that one.
This is a virology review that any biology professor could have.
This is where I was on my bicycle, I said.
And so they didn't get anywhere.
They just wrote a Virology 101 and the Virology 101 can't explain this very easily is not really a significant flag to plant in 2024, yet they were pissed that I wouldn't help them with it.
but I've been trying to teach them this idea for a very long time.
They're very familiar with it.
So when you read that article and you see how they obfuscated it and how they pretended that my idea was just this little piece of shit paragraph that they wrote, instead of the whole article is obfuscating my idea.
They're just not playing fair and they have to be anti-American players in this thing.
That's the only way to explain them.
They're not traitors because they don't live here.
But somehow or another, they spend their time on social media talking about American politics, tweeting to Americans, and they show up in a lot of Americans' Twitter feeds.
And so I don't purport to know who they are or why they're doing what they're doing, but I am sure that they were lying to me and that they were trying to do their best to make sure that I didn't continue to teach.
And of course they're, you know, they're, they're English gentlemen or, or wherever they're from, they're going to complain and say, you know, Jay's not right.
Or he doesn't talk to us or, or whatever, but they all want to do it on Twitter DM.
Don't want to use proton mail.
They want to use Twitter DM all the time.
I think that's because they can see each other's messages so they can coordinate and they lie to me.
And that's also why drastic occurred on Twitter, because then all the people that were involved in drastic that were part of the, of the charade, many, many of them being foreign agents, um, could pretend and remember.
Foreign agent just means that they're not Americans or they're pretending to be a foreigner.
I didn't know who any of those people were.
They, I, you know, it's not like I sat down in a cafe with them or I met them at their house and confirmed their address.
If Yuri Dagan turned out to be not a Russian entrepreneur into regenerative genetics, but turned out to be a porn movie salesman from Northern Canada, it wouldn't surprise me at all.
One of the people that I've encountered since the very beginning is named Kevin McCairn, who purports to be a neuroscientist who went through Korea and Japan, now living in Japan, although I'm not sure if he worked ever for a university in Japan or Korea.
That's what he claims.
He has some publications on the internet that seem to indicate that he's worked with live monkeys.
We've never doubted that.
I know people at the University of Pittsburgh who worked on Live Monkeys, he claims to have studied with and seems to have a pedigree that puts him going through that lab as well.
And so that was the connection that when we made contact, he contacted me and said, hey, you know, Rob Turner, I know Rob Turner, maybe we should do a stream together.
Now it could be that Robert Malone or whoever coordinates this little clown show contacted him simply because he had some rudimentary connection CV wise to me so that he would have some reason to contact me.
It could also mean
be even crazier than that.
And maybe the NSA put those shitty papers up there that have his name on it and made a history that isn't even real.
I don't know.
But I doubt that.
I think it's much more likely that he's somebody that was, you know, doing some other stuff.
And then they recruited him because, you know, he was already retired, according to him.
or had forced retirement.
So in the last, I don't know, month or so, I guess he's done three, six, nine, 12, 14, 16, 18 hours or so of streams about me or streams about me and Mark and a couple pictures of us on a merry-go-round and a couple pictures of me taking money from the Pharisees.
And then of course, the crack pipe picture, which is always very fun.
So of course, this is the state of things, right?
I mean, if you're at the stage where this is all you've got left,
is just one performing monkey on the other side of the ocean who on rumble can barely get 2,000 views.
I don't really understand what's happening here other than us winning extremely hard.
But I think it's important for people who aren't familiar with this guy or who have been successful in ignoring him to realize that this phenomenon hasn't gone away in four and a half years.
It hasn't gone away in four and a half years.
Ever since I called him out, when he lost his mind pretending to argue with Mark Bailey about virology, when he was screaming and yelling and I just kind of critiqued the show and then he flipped out, ever since then I've known for sure that he was some kind of, I don't know, actor is an insult to my
my late friend Annie, so I don't want to call him an actor.
I would call him a meddler.
He's not even that skilled of a meddler.
It's an insult to meddlers.
He's just some guy that they paid to yell into a screen.
And I think kind of specifically because of me, I don't think anybody else is in this because of me, but I think he might be because I don't see any other impact that he's really had.
His most significant impact is the amount of distraction he causes me in the first couple of years, to be really honest.
So just to remind you, of course, this is an illusion of consensus.
And this is him in March.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
March 2020.
And so I have been in the car with this guy for four years.
And so it's important for me all the time to point it out, even if I put him in the trunk a long time ago.
He's still in the car and he can still smell him.
And that smell is a sign of what we've been through.
It's a sign of how far we've come.
And so oftentimes I think it's worthwhile to look at because people who aren't aware of it, it can be pretty disturbing when they see it.
So he's really much a part of this faith in a novel virus.
There's no question about it.
He's never really usefully questioned vaccination or taught you about immunology.
He believes that coronaviruses can jump from other species and that RNA can definitely pandemic.
He said it as little as a couple days ago in direct response to my statement that RNA cannot pandemic.
But without any real, you know,
No discussion of where that's actually been demonstrated, just kind of a, yeah, but obviously it is.
No real good explanation for why false positives might be rare if we did it right, or how PCR is used correctly or incorrectly.
He's written really bad about that, even though he probably has some idea, because he's worked with monkeys, which often require PCR if you're going to do some kind of genetic, maybe he never did anything with genes.
I don't know.
I haven't looked that much at his papers, to be honest.
I just know that they're mostly in vivo and behavioral papers.
I've never, I didn't, for example, see any papers with adenovirus or transfection or transformation.
So I don't know, maybe he's got more expertise than I remember seeing in my cursory search for him.
So they believe that millions have been killed and millions more have been saved, but they were saved by lockdown, I guess, or by masks.
And that we spend lots of money on gain-of-function research that works really, really, really well.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
So it's not very much different than...
It's not very much different than Herod van den Bosch, but with a lot less oomph in his CV, which I find very funny.
It's going to be pretty funny, actually, just so you know.
It will be very, very funny.
I'm going to just escape.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
It'll be very, very funny to throw back to this video, because there's going to be a lot of stuff on here you're just not going to expect to hear.
Remember, this is about six days before Kevin McKernan goes on the Vance Crowe podcast and says that he started sequencing for SARS because he's afraid that the powers that be are going to,
find out that SARS is spreading through weed, and so he already wants to be ahead of that ball.
And then he spends a couple different tirades in that same episode, again, 24th of April, 2020.
where he talks about how bad the FDA is and how it's crazy that EUAs require like 10 pages of paperwork.
And I'm not even exaggerating when I say that.
Those are almost his words, word for word.
So here we go.
Throwback to April 18th, 2020.
Just remember, I'm not gonna edit anything, but I will go slightly faster because I don't want to make it too torturous.
We'll go about 1.4 or so.
It's pretty quick, but you can handle it because
I speak well, McCarron speaks well, and Eddie Adds doesn't say very much, so we should be okay.
I'm going to go full screen and then I'm going to hit it.
Thanks very much for joining me, everybody.
Good to see you.
Comes in a little late, sorry about that.
But when you transfect somebody and they make a lot of a protein, they're going to shed it in the form of exosomes.
That wouldn't be unusual, just so you know.
If the transfection happened in the lungs, that would definitely be true.
If the protein is circulating, it could be circulating in the form of exosomes.
And so, then I'm not sure whether exosomes could exit by the lung.
Then they might more likely exit by the gut.
Did you hear that?
So, that's the thing about exosomes in circulation.
I don't know how they get into the lungs.
That to me seems like a barrier they can't easily cross.
So if you have exosomes in circulation that are composed of lipid nanoparticles or lipid lipid bilayer and some spike proteins, for example, then that is more likely to be shed through the kidneys or through the the what would that be then bile or something like that?
How do you get stuff out of here?
Anyway, that's what I would say.
Here we go.
This is COVID roundtable round three, and I am pleased to be joined by Dr. Jay Cooey.
Jay, how you doing?
Not too bad, how are you?
I'm doing well, sir.
Oh, man, it looks like Doc McCarron just joined as well.
Good morning.
McCarron, how you doing?
Of course he did.
Good morning.
How late am I?
Oh, we actually just started, Doc.
Yeah, literally, I broadcasted right at the top of the hour and just entered the lobby just now as Doc Cooey entered as well.
So good timing.
Yeah, you're lucky, because I was flat out asleep again.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, I'd been up, but I
I got up really early and I just zoned out on the sofa.
I saw you broadcasting again pretty late last night.
It was just a pre-recorded thing that I did.
I'm trying to line up grifters and I guess in terms of no virus or virus deniers, I guess for want of a better vernacular,
It's the 5g I'm having to get to now.
So, um, we can, uh, we'll see how that sort of, uh, plays out over the next week or two, because there's, there's much more, uh, material there to deal with.
And, uh, yeah.
And we should definitely get into that, uh, to this evening.
I, uh, well, I don't know, depending on who you want to talk about, uh, doc McCarran, cause I did see you list at least one other person in a video you posted besides Dr. Kaufman.
I know.
Uh, yeah.
So that was the new guy who I was, um,
I don't know how you pronounce his name, one of those exotic sounding ones.
And the reason I did it was because I think I'd sort of done a good enough job with respect to Andrew Kaufman.
I don't think there's much coming back from his position.
And, uh, and Dr. Tro will be joining us later.
He said he, uh, has another interview.
I think he was doing or ending, uh, is it overlaps?
Like he said, he's going to be in about half an hour or so, but, um, yeah, we can start with that document, Karen, if you'd like, uh, pretty, uh, pretty open-ended, uh, as far as the night goes.
I know, I don't know, as far as the political scene, what I've noticed, and I think other people have too, it seems like.
although things still are changing quite quickly, it has slowed down a bit even from last week.
And maybe like there was kind of like, I don't know, like maybe a good three and a half or four weeks there where it was just kind of crazy.
And it kind of seemed to calm down a bit last week.
But despite that, it still is changing all the time.
Yeah, I mean, and that's something I think you guys are going to probably be more informative than I am because I'm not in the United States.
And my sort of view is that
You've got this window where you have to be locked.
It's not lockdown, they haven't locked you down, they've given you a suggestion to stay indoors.
Or not even that, you can go out and do your essentials, but you can't, there's not police on every corner, and I think it's less, it's not Wuhan, China, right now.
And it's a case of you're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't,
I would argue that locking down the way that you did probably did mitigate some of the impact of the disease itself.
But then in doing that, everyone then starts saying, well, oh, why did you do that then?
Or, you know, obviously it's not as bad.
So why lock us all up?
Yeah, and that's how I sort of see it from the outsider.
And like I say, probably the two of you have more to say.
So he's trying to defer to us in terms of what's happening in America.
But he says that most likely what happened is that lockdown mitigated disease.
Now, I took this down, but I'll put it up again.
This is recorded on April 18th, 2020.
So it is kind of right at
The time when either New York is having a very big peak, or that peak's about to drop back down to zero.
Interesting.
It's kind of interesting, right?
If we were to look at Jessica Hockett's data, I wonder where the April 18th would fall.
Maybe somebody can check that for me.
Okay, then I do in that respect, because for me, it doesn't look any different.
Yeah, what's it looking like for you, Doc, who are we in Pittsburgh?
Well, I don't know about Pittsburgh.
I mean, we don't, we have a few hundred cases here, 800 or something in Pennsylvania.
I don't know exactly what the count is.
Everybody's being careful here and wearing masks generally now.
And social distancing is still set in.
I think for me, I'm trying to stick to the literature.
The latest preprint that I think is interesting, although it is a preprint, has a single author, Knut Wodkowski, this guy who is
one of these epidemiologists that came out and said that the only way out of this is herd immunity, and so we just... Canoe Minkowski.
He, um, just produced a paper which... Look at that face.
I don't think he expected me to mention Canoe.
Look at that face.
I'm gonna back up.
Look at the face now.
Watch it change.
I have a few hundred cases here, 800 or something in Pennsylvania.
I don't know exactly what the count is.
Everybody's being careful here and wearing masks generally now.
Social distancing is still set in.
I think for me, I'm trying to stick to the literature.
The latest preprint that I think is interesting, although it is a preprint, has a single author, Knut Wodkowski, this guy who was one of these epidemiologists that came out and said that the only way out of this is herd immunity.
And so we just have to figure out how to get there as soon as possible.
He just produced a paper which has 15 some odd figures in it, and it uses the standard model for respiratory infections that's been used by all the epidemiologists in history, or at least in the recent history.
And so it's a pretty standard model of how these epidemics work.
And he makes a very mathematically, seems mathematically sound argument for
the social distancing thing only has a significant effect when it's implied at specific times in relation to the biological peak of the disease.
And by his best estimations, we close down most places in the United States too late or too early.
And in either case, the consequences are either nothing really or super significant.
And if you close down too early, what you do is you prevent
the population from ever reaching a peak which is capable of generating any significant herd immunity.
And so then you've just kicked the can down the road and you're still gonna hit the same peak, but you're gonna lose a few people on the run up to it.
You're gonna lose a few more because you spread it out.
And the whole other side of it is if you do it too late, then it has almost no effect at all.
And the interesting part of the paper is that it makes a very nice summary about the maximum gains
And the maximum gains in all of these scenarios are about 10%.
So it doesn't really matter how bad or how well you apply these measures.
The only sort of change that you can have in terms of the total amount of people that will die this season from it, or this exposure to it, is about 10%.
So it's not to say that those 10% people aren't worth trying to save those 10%.
Of course it is.
But it's a very tricky mathematical dance because of the way that all of these phenomenon work.
That hurts, right?
Because then now, if you can only save 10%, but in the harsh lockdown, you kill more than that, then what's really going on?
Because that's all those data show, right?
That's the sort of other side of the coin that you don't talk about when you talk about simple SIR models.
You just have this thing where, okay, but how many people do we kill if we lock down?
for six weeks?
How many people do we kill if we lock down for eight weeks?
How many people do we kill if we give the wrong protocol like supplementary oxygen for the first 10 weeks to anybody that we suspect has COVID and comes to the hospital?
Those things are all just off the radar right now for me because of course I'm involved in this idea of thinking about these models and what these models might be able to tell us about a novel spreading pathogen.
So I'm 100% trapped here, but still causing a problem because I think in the end, of course, if this study is reliant on a shitty model and I get to the stage where I think this is a shitty model, then this will be a way out.
So we can't be debating this.
We can't talk about this as a legitimate part of the limited spectrum of debate or there were too close to the exit.
So I'm suspecting this is gonna be needed to take it back really quick.
So it just gives you kind of a sort of range of biological possibilities is quite a bit narrower than I think a lot of people are painting it.
Yeah, that's really interesting.
Do you think that we did lock down too early in some places?
Well, I think I think Knud would make that argument in his paper.
He does.
And he uses different countries.
current progression and correlates their application of lockdown and shows several examples of both good and bad results that he thinks correlate with whether they got it right and closed down right at the peak or whether they closed down too early or closed down too late.
It's a nice, it's an interesting paper because he's been on YouTube about a few things and on a few videos and sort of been misquoted and oftentimes lumped into these people who don't understand how these things work, even though he actually does.
I mean, he worked at Rockefeller University for 20 years as an epidemiologist, so he's not speaking from no experience.
The tricky part is, of course, why we're all together, is that if this virus is not just some, you know, run-of-the-mill coronavirus, but it has some extra abilities or things that make it behave as an atypical respiratory virus, then all of the things that Knud knows may not apply to this virus.
So that's the trick.
Yeah, that caveat is important, but that is, it's really interesting how you explain that, Dr. Kui, and I would love it if you'd send that over to me.
I'll probably put it in the show notes too, in case anybody else wants to check it out.
Likewise, Dr. McCarran, if you have any papers that you think
Anybody watching would would be like, okay.
Yeah, it's something I could read in my free time I can add those to the show notes as well.
Just if they pop in your head at any point this evening Well, I mean the literature that I'd sort of honed in on this week was the in a few more primate studies that came out and Well, I think it's it's probably you sort of have to wind the clock back a little bit and
And that just goes back to the original SARS outbreak from, I can never get the pronunciation right, Zhongdong province, in the sort of southeast part of the country.
And the first case arose of SARS there sort of late 2002 into 2003.
How do I know Zhongdong University, and obviously for the province itself, is that they have one of China's more established primate colonies.
It's a private, no, sorry, it's public.
colony and unlike the Wuhan facility which would be much tighter facility and very very opaque as to the... Can I ask you a side question?
Sure.
I heard recently that some very big primate guy in Germany actually just moved to China last year.
I don't know his last name, but he's like a world-famous primate fella, and he moved his whole lab to China.
Do you know who I'm talking about, or is this not such a rare occurrence?
I don't know.
Well, the fire hose of cash that China sprays at people, I think that becomes a very tempting offer at different times of your career.
And the only person that really springs to mind that would sort of have any overlap with myself is Logotetis.
That's it, yes.
if that was him, there is a, there's a sort of bit of history there as well.
And he, he basically, I want to say, it's getting on a bit now, but I want to say five, six years ago, maybe, maybe a little, little bit more.
I'll see if I can pull it up.
But Locatetis basically wrote a,
I can never remember, it's one of those names that's nigh on impossible to pronounce and even more difficult to spell.
And he wrote a open letter to, I want to say it was probably Nature, and sort of simultaneous press release as well.
And it was a sort of stamp your feet hissy fit that he, I want to say he was in Tubingen,
I think he might have been Tübingen or one of those around that area.
And Tübingen is a nice little spot of Germany.
And I'm guessing him sort of upping sticks would have been quite a sort of difficult decision to make.
You know, obviously the Bavarian countryside has a lot of appealing aspects to it.
But the reason he left was because, and maybe I'll get onto a bit of a rant about that, is that
The animal rights and the sort of left-leaning political groups basically had been trying tooth and nail to, and had somewhat got into his lab because as he was a part of the university system, that he, they brought him under pressure for like the most innocuous of violations and literally
I'd have to sort of look back to sort of find, I remember exactly what it was.
But it literally made his life a sort of living hell.
And in Europe, you know, that does mean you have to have your car swept for explosives every day, you know, as you go to work.
And with kids in your house, you probably got to be have safe rooms or somewhere that you can hit for a panic.
And the,
So anyway, it was a huge scandal at the time.
Well, not a scandal as such, but you know, people were like, oh, well, you know, if Logotetis is sort of giving up the game, then basically that sort of would sound the death knell of primate research in Europe.
And in that sense, he was probably right because there's very, very little primate research in, let me just see if I can, now it's bothering me, I can't remember the exact reason.
This was my statement.
I tried to figure out if there was an easy way to find out what kind of animals were being used in Wuhan, but I haven't really been able to find.
I'd love to have a primate publication from there, because that would be... You won't.
You won't find primate publications.
There was some with respect to SARS initially, but I think what the Chinese
were doing was complying basically with what they considered to be international norms.
Yeah, in January this year, I'm looking at, so he's in science, this move.
Yeah, so it was more recent, it was more recent.
Yeah, well, no, his move was, but the, and oh, he's with Pu Mu Ming as well.
And that's, that's a,
well, not unsurprising, Pu Muming has a lot of clout within China, but the, like I said, it was, like I said, this maybe giving me some idea of the 2014 German TV broadcast footage.
It's interesting because I think he's saying Muming Pu, which is how we would say it in America, how I was introduced to his name.
Muming Pu was also on the,
Was Moo Ming Poo also on that plane?
I think he was also on that plane to Svalbard.
It was Moo Ming Poo.
It was Tony Gawa.
It was Eric Nessler.
It was
Bert Sackman and Erwin Nair.
So there were like five or six Nobel Prize winners on that plane.
And then of course, John O'Keefe and the Moser couple were also on that plane and they would win the Nobel Prize like a year or two later.
So if you think about them, there was like 12 Nobel Prize winners on that airplane that I was on, sitting in the back feeling like a dork.
Anyway, so that's interesting.
So far, it's not too shocking.
I'm not too impressed.
We're 20 minutes in.
This is all right.
That's a well, not unsurprising.
Puming has a lot of clout within China, but the
Like I say, it was, like I said, this may be giving me some idea of the 2014 German TV broadcast footage filmed by, so I was with FIRE office for five, six years, right?
So I've sort of had it.
And on the spot question, didn't like that.
Shame on you, Jonathan.
Put me on the spot.
I gotta say, I really think that's actually significant.
I've never heard his name said like that.
It was always Moo Ming Poo.
I'm absolutely sure we've always said it in the Netherlands, and anywhere I've been in America, it's moo-ming-poo.
So the way that he was saying it, which I presume is the Chinese way of saying it, is striking to me.
Remember, he's supposed to be in Japan, married to a Pakistani-Japanese Muslim, and he's from the UK, but he knows exactly how to say Chinese people's names.
It's really interesting.
Yeah, so it was more recent.
It was more recent.
Yeah, uh, well now his his move his move was uh, but the uh, the Uh, and oh he's with pu mu ming as well.
Um, and uh, that's um Well, not unsurprising pu mu ming, uh, he said it twice clout within uh china, but um the
like I say it was it was I said this maybe give me some idea of the 2014 German TV broadcast footage filmed by there wasn't five at fire officer five six years right so I've sort of had it and on the spot question didn't like that shame on you Jonathan but the story was asking about the Swedish herd immunity and
I don't know about you guys, but Twitter seems to be the best place for info.
So I did find this one.
Twitter seems to be the best place for info.
That seems to be exactly what Kevin McCurden says also on the 24th of April, about six days after that.
Funny how Twitter is being positioned at early on by all these people at once, isn't it?
Wow, that's that's that's interesting.
It's uh, so finland's at 13 for 13 deaths per million norway 28 sweden 119 And netherlands 183 So this guy says it doesn't seem to be working his their uh herd immunity philosophy That's so much assumed so many things though their denominator and their numerators are both based on Imaginary numbers, right?
I mean, yeah
You have to assume that all their testing is correct and everything else, and they're not, and they're testing everyone and they're not, and same thing's happening here in the United States.
The numbers can be shifted to become immediately worse than the flu or easier than the flu, depending on how you want it.
Right now, there's a guy on Twitter named TheEthicalSkeptic, and if you haven't followed him, you should look him up.
TheEthicalSkeptic has been making
charts and graphs about the numbers that the CDC is releasing and he's noticed that since they've shifted to including cases that are suspected but not confirmed we've stayed on the exponential growth curve but until before they made that switch was like seven days ago um that guy uh before
The pronunciation is not the point.
It's the order that the name comes in.
So, I mean, I wouldn't know by looking at it.
They list it like they list it in his biography on PubMed, and I read his name as last and first.
Now he says it as first and last, or last and first like they say it in Chinese, and that just shows knowledge.
Maybe he knows the guy.
I don't know.
I'm not saying that it's an indication that he's definitely bad.
It's just significant, because I don't know a lot of people who would get that name right, because I've always heard it as Mu Ming Pu.
for that, uh, he's a famous guy.
We're actually on the decline.
That, that latest figure is that one right there.
So the dotted line is showing you where we were headed and that would have made it a pretty bad flu, right?
One 10th of 12% one 10th of 1%.
And now it's back up to some crazy, you know, 7% possibly if that's that curve is correct.
And that's only because they added the suspected, uh, diagnosis option.
So the doctors are more inclined and you have to understand also not to create any,
But there's a genuine reason for them to increase the number of COVID patients because the legislation, which was passed two weeks ago, the CARES Act, has in it a very specific clause that reimburses hospitals for COVID cases.
So if the hospitals want money from that thing, the more cases they have, the more money they're going to get.
So the doctors are being told, whether we like it or not, to diagnose everybody with COVID, especially the people who die.
So there's a reason for them to flub the numbers.
And that's starting to work against us in terms of interpreting the real course of the pandemic and what to do next.
That's a problem.
uh yes it is and um again you're sort of falling into this uh very for want of a better word ambiguous uh political territory with the united states i agree it's terrible they're playing this game on purpose though and they they're that that's the reason why i'm skeptical of it i'm not saying that this shit is not bad but i'm saying that they're they're mucking up the numbers is really creating a panic that doesn't need to be created we could all be working together
Extremely contrasting information people are reacting very poorly right now here and it's not good That's why you have these protests in Michigan and Harrisburg and everywhere else trying to open these states up.
It's just absurd and the I just wanted to speak to the I don't stop your flow Jonathan.
So If you had more to say just cut me off, but just as a sort of panic personal anecdote Watching the people in Michigan I was
I was dismayed to sort of see that type of, of course, you know, I understand that people are worried about the overreach of the federal government, you know, and in the American context, that always makes sense because I want America to have that, to have that streak.
And, but it just, it, to me, it just, it just seemed like teenagers giddy with their first date or something where, where, you know, the, of all the other times where there are people who are,
always going on about, you know, they're coming to take my guns and my whatever thing that they want to sort of glob onto with the social dynamics of the United States.
In doing what they're doing where they're sort of forcing the hand of the current administration and I'll sort of go on record at this point that I don't think, it's very difficult in my mind to see how
the president could have done things any different.
And he did do things a lot earlier.
And I felt he was hamstrung at multiple levels, just not even just including this current issue.
But I've never seen anything like the sort of bizarre political landscape that's existed.
There's usually some oddities with the United States, of course, but I've never seen anything so bizarre as the pushback that
A new president would get and you know, I thought it seemed bad with obama and sort of what were tea party type demonstrations but So what is this?
Can you see that picture there?
Like what is this?
This yellow right here is the 8 million dead pandemic curve that then comes back down over here This is the 120 000 fatalities six times flu and pneumonia So you can already see here in retrospect that ethical skeptic is probably part of this bullshit
even if he's just a guy who they had in place to make sure that the graphs were impactful.
This doesn't look very impressive to me.
This looks very much like I walked into something, and I can't really remember for sure how it is that I was sent or found ethical skeptic.
It might have even been that ethical skeptic was somehow
um a little bit related to drastic but that was me bringing it in so it was me not understanding and uh i could be wrong ethical skeptic could be a good person but it's definitely a anonymous account that has uh multiple orders of magnitude more coverage than
Mark or I have ever been able to achieve So, you know, maybe it's because they've got great information and beautiful graphs Or maybe it's because they are part of the worst-case scenario narrative where now there's gonna be a pole shift So you either better find a place somewhere where the water isn't gonna be or or something I don't know because the earth is gonna shift at a 25 degree angle and and the mantle is gonna shift relative to the core or some shit So, I don't know.
I don't know what to say other than I
I'm skeptical of the ethical skeptic.
They haven't let the current president be able to sit still for a minute because of the constant stream of making issues where there aren't any, be it sketchy MI6 dossiers and surveillance prior, even before he became president, to the Russiagate impeachment.
People have to remember, all that was rolling on
one after another after another.
And he was supposed to react in a measured manner in response to something that humanity in our current lifetimes have never had to deal with before.
It just smacks to me of political gaming and trying to get political one-upmanship.
And I guess to sort of tie it back around to what Jonathan was saying with the
You've got different, the spread.
He called me Paul before he said Jonathan, in case you missed it.
Across the country, because it's a massive continent, of course, are at different places.
And so now they've sort of forced their hand of, well, we're going to put some states back to work, et cetera.
And it might just have undone everything with respect to sort of biting the bullet when they did.
That's what I would add to that.
Yeah, well said, Doc.
I don't have much to add to that, but yeah, go ahead, Doc.
No, I just wanted to get back on topic.
You were going to tell us about a couple of primate papers that you recently... Oh, right.
So, yeah, so as I sort of, you know, and I'd like to sort of project an air of all knowing, but
the simple fact is that when you're sort of in the research lab doing your own research, you tend to, you tend to sort of stick close to your, your field of interest.
And infectious disease was not my, was not my thing.
And so I'd, I'd sort of had peripherally known about, um, uh, I do about Dongdong, uh, province and their primate facilities, but had I, had I really in any way sort of kept an eye on, uh,
anything to do with SARS or not, not really, because it wasn't, it wasn't a great interest to me as such.
I mean, there was, I remember I'd seen papers about.
That little basement was still a very sweet little house, a little charming little house that my wife and I would have loved to buy that my, I was unable to buy because of the pandemic and losing my job.
one of the parts of my narrative that was absorbed by the liar, Charles Rixey, who had to sell a house that looks like on Zillow was absolutely brand new when he bought it.
So he was in a different scenario as a shoe salesman, being able to buy a $200,000 house and then sell it during the pandemic.
Whereas I was renting to own and kind of had to ask for,
Ask out of a contract with with somebody that trusted me to fulfill that contract because of what happened to me during the pandemic so, um, They have played some pretty diabolical games with me and my family And uh, it's been pretty gross And so that's part of the reason why I think it's important to see that all of these recordings are actually evidence of this malevolence
They had people in place.
They had people, small and large, in place to mess around with us.
The connection between Addy Adds and Kevin McCairn and George Webb, who was cited as being one of the arch enemies of Robert Malone already at the beginning of this charade, basically, cannot be ignored.
because the same people were messing with Mark Kulak and trying to keep us apart, and they have tried over and over again to separate us with different charades and different groups of people that have been lying to us about their own relationship with each other.
And they are all anti-American, five eyes, I don't know what, I don't know who, but they're not American patriots.
And anybody working with them is a traitor.
the potential for using it.
It had a potential for the neurotrophic components.
But again, that's all very sort of hazy.
So, you know, I started to sort of dig around and a few papers popped up on preprint servers, I want to say in the last week or two.
And these were
these basically confirmed, so the confirmation of the testing within animals.
So I'm getting a lot of pushback from virus deniers and all those that want to think that it's a big conspiracy by- Shout out to Dr. Young.
Oh right, yeah.
He's not here today, he didn't want to come in.
Because of these sort of individuals,
Like I said, we've been so hamstrung, and my sort of train of thought had gone, I had something that I was going to, oh yeah, yes, I know.
So when SARS first sort of broke onto the scene, and it was in, I keep butchering it, so I feel stupid saying it, but where SARS first broke out, that primate facility probably had
much to do with like the initial handling and if we were to edge towards the more conspiratorial as the bats and the first outbreaks were there as well I'm just wondering if there'd been some earlier instantiation of the disease in that region and there was some passage through the
through testing with macaques, the Chinese, they're not that concerned about their own citizens, they're less concerned about monkeys in a lab, and they would have for sure done experiments that would have probably struggled to get ethical approval.
Now if you sort of follow the
The history, so the testing in primates of the original SARS, some groups, so I probably should get my names right, so I will do the quick, I will do my due diligence.
I think it's Guangdong, the pronunciation.
Guangdong, yeah.
And no doubt, the Chinese say it different.
So if you just go into Google and you just Google primate models and monkeys and SARS, sorry, primate models and SARS, you get a bunch of hits that should come to the top for you.
And one of those is an article that was published in 2006.
And this man, as a somewhat seasoned academic, I'm going to... Oh, is this Hagman's?
It's not that there's a there's a response.
It's a response to them and I want to say I want to say so Hackman's and us the house.
I think were the one of the groups which were Publishing what seemed to be Albert Ulster house is the guy who was sitting on stage?
when mark von ronst Presented at Chatham house in 2019 about the 2009 swine flu
And we watched that video a couple of different times on my stream.
And sitting on stage in two comfortable chairs, one of them was Osterhaus.
Osterhaus is also the guy that we watched talk about the Mexican flu in an office in Erasmus with Fauchier in the office because he was at the time his post-doc.
where they're excited about the first case of Mexican flu, which is a Dutch kid coming back from Mexico on holiday.
And so they're very excited and they get the whiskey or they get the scotch and they have a toast.
And then they show him walking down the hallway that I used to work in through the glass doors I used to walk through and show him, get a message on his little Nokia phone that says that they ordered 35 million doses of his vaccine.
That's who that guy is, that this guy is about to use as a primary reference for why SARS is a real virus and why they have non-primate models for it.
But he's not going to tell you that what they use here is a recombinant DNA or RNA version of it that's made to a purity that can only be made commercially.
Not from a cultured virus that they derive from passage in cell culture.
No, no, no.
It's transfection or transformation of a cell culture and then applying it to an animal model.
And he could have told us this already back then, but he knew exactly what paper to look for and exactly who they are, even though he doesn't work on infectious disease.
And I was just too dumb to see it.
I just thought he was a nice guy who was trying to do the same thing as I did.
Just trying to figure it out.
But while he's saying out of one mouth that he doesn't do any of this, now he's bringing up the perfect guy with the perfect track record connected to all the people in Europe who ran this scam already in the swine flu and the Mexican flu, whatever it was called back then.
What an extraordinary thing to see in 2024 when we look back, but everything just line up like pegs.
A successful transfection of SARS into non-human primates.
Sorry, what?
Successful transfection?
So he actually knows that it's a transfection, that they transfect the primates with the synthetic clone.
Hagman's and Osterhaus, I think, were one of the groups which were publishing what seemed to be a successful transfection of SARS into non-human primates.
Do you see why the narrative was being curated?
Do you see it?
They didn't even know what narrative they had to curate.
They didn't know what I would come up with.
They didn't know who else would come up with anything.
Part of the thing you need to see that Event 201 never showed you, or that Dark Winter never showed you, or all these other exercises never showed you, was how this thing would have to be dynamic and would have to respond dynamically to the citizenry, respond dynamically to the local response to make sure that the narrative evolved in the direction that they wanted.
And they needed to have flexible narrative curators present around the world, and maybe even narrative curators contact those people that they identified
has particularly disruptive or particularly independent in their thinking.
You know, like some guy on his bike who'd been doing journal club for a couple months and decided to do a journal club on coronavirus.
He might need somebody to contact him.
Maybe we can come up with somebody.
I think he probably owes me about four years of thanks for my salary, Jay, because without you, I wouldn't have a job.
The only other thing he might've been around for was to absorb the people that were watching that Scottish guy that they killed or died.
Not sure what to say about that, but I, I'm very pessimistic about this guy's relevance other than money.
If I wasn't in this story, I don't think he would be either.
In response to that, and I want to say that was, I want to say the letter was in plus one as well.
Is it Hogan?
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah.
He's a,
Let's see.
Yeah, so he's, I think he's sort of saying, he goes on to record to say that Hagemans and Osterhaus were essentially not forthcoming with respect to their agents.
And there was a lot of back and forth as to how useful
monkeys were, and monkeys were a very hot, it's been a very hot potato for many years now, especially in Europe.
It started to infect the United States as well, not long after.
And the Luddites, and sadly it's, it's not kids, it's young adults I would say, but you know, you're getting a, so you get a particular demographic from universities and
I'm going to try and bring up the letter, because I want to quote him properly.
So while you look that up, Dr. McCarron, perhaps Dr. Kouwe could answer this question we got from Marie.
She says, do we know if people can become immune after infection?
I'm assuming she means after they recover.
So I'm not a medical doctor.
You're asking the wrong guy, but I can tell you what I know.
I know that they believe that they can see extended antibody titers after infection.
I also know that there's evidence from mares and patients who've had mares, which is this middle eastern camel version of this virus, that if you're given an antiviral drug like remdesivir too early in the course of your infection, then you won't develop antibodies and you'll still be completely naive to the infection should it come back.
So there's good reason to believe that there are several different reasons why
the reports of two times in a row becoming infected or reinfection of people who used to be positive and then recovered and then became positive again, there's reason to believe that that can occur for a wide range of reasons, all coming from different angles of how this disease manifests itself and how the immune response manifests itself.
What's he laughing about?
the reports of two times in a row becoming infected or reinfection of people who used to be positive and then recovered and then became positive again, there's reason to believe that that can occur for a wide range of reasons, all coming from different angles.
I guess they got me on something, right?
That's pretty funny, huh?
I'm talking about reinfection, so I'm running in their hamster wheel talking about remdesivir running in their hamster wheel.
I don't know if I could go to my first notebook and find out if there were any notes about what was being talked about here before this meeting or not.
But my guess is, is that somehow or another, those ideas got in front of me via drastic conversations or drastic messaging.
And there I am being laughed at because I'm talking about exactly what they put in front of me a couple of days earlier.
I have no doubt about it.
of how this disease manifests itself and how the immune response... That's why he's gotta hide his smile, right?
He's laughing because they're joking about me.
And Addy's not reading the same thing, otherwise he'd be laughing too.
...manifests itself to it.
But there's no reason to believe that this is somehow special biologically, that we can't become immune to it.
It's just a... What percentage of people who get sick and recover are now immune to it should it come around again?
I have no reason to believe it wouldn't be like any other flu in the sense of if the flu doesn't change very much from this year to next year, we'll all be fine.
And most of us won't get it.
And if it changed a lot, a lot more of us will get it.
So he's still laughing.
He's still laughing very fast as it moves through our population.
Then when we get exposed to it again, after we've had it once, we should be okay.
And if enough of us get exposed to it before it gets to our geographic region, it's possible that we'll never get exposed to it.
It's possible, but it's not very likely anymore because so much, so many of us are infected.
that happened with SARS because it just apparently didn't crack the threshold for endemic spread.
Yeah, they put the cap on really early on that one because that one would have been... I was lost and now Addy's gonna agree.
Yeah, they sure put the cap on that one quick.
Listen to this as if Addy knows the history of SARS really well.
Endemic spread.
Yeah, they put the cap on the bottle real, real early on that one, because that one would have been way worse than this one, no?
But I think it still got more than a million people, like more than a million were infected, I think.
Oh, wow, okay.
Not so many, you know, it just took a lot longer to get to a million, now we're already there, right?
I mean, I think SARS got to a million in two years of it slowly being snuffed out.
Well, what sort of speaks to that?
And I want to make a point.
So on my streams this week, a good friend of mine was speaking.
And it's important to remember that even though Guangdong, or wherever, it's King Kong, Bingbong, Bingbong province,
So I hadn't started streaming every day.
He's already streaming every day.
He's decided that he's got to do this full time, whereas I've still got my job.
I'm still riding into work every day at this stage.
This is the basement where I charge my bike and I take all my dirty clothes off.
My little garage is right next door here, where I filmed the first sort of intro to coronavirus in the rain.
where I used to ride up my driveway with rocks on both sides and then ride up with my wheels that had the spinning flag in it.
That's where this is being taken from right now.
That's the time frame we're at.
It was a long time ago.
The Chinese authorities were lackadaisical at the time with respect to reporting.
And it was the Canadians infrastructure and program that was set up that sort of caught the first breaking of this and the emergence of it onto sort of more international or kicked into gear sort of international infrastructure.
The same thing seems to have happened again from the Chinese.
It's good to clean house on our side.
I don't think we should lose this opportunity to do so.
And we should get into that in a bit.
But what I want to speak about is that
I'll get the monkey stuff out of the way first, but it's the fact that the Chinese Communist Party are not your friends, right?
And for those that sort of, especially of a younger persuasion feel inclined, and I know it's normal when you're that age to sort of air towards what seems like an egalitarian
way of looking or trying to shape the world.
And it doesn't seem to make sense to people, especially the sort of ideologically more possessed that they are, that we're not doing things in a fair way.
And I do realize that we
we have our own issues in the West, especially as we've turbocharged everything with hyper-competitiveness and then hyper-reward, and that has problems.
I might just want to keep that on, make a note of that, Adi, if we can sort of maybe pull the conversation around to that.
Yeah, we want to put a pin in that one?
Yeah, and let me just, I want to use the exact words
that the Robert Hogan used and I don't know this person personally and so it's not any sort of personal animosity between me and him other than what I would perceive to be potential conflicts of interest and he wrote a quick letter which was our non-human primate
Good for modeling model good models for stars.
It's the correct title and he wanted he wanted to respond to the Hagman and Osterhaus paper and in his last paragraph, I Finally see where we're going.
Mm-hmm.
So a little while ago they had us They had a paper up, excuse me, I'm eating M&Ms.
They had a paper up and
which showed this Osterhaus guy and a non-human primate model for SARS.
Now we're going to talk about some other guy who argues that this might not be the best primate model because primates don't get sick when we transfect them with a cloned synthetic pure version of the sequence that we claim is SARS.
And so here he is presenting a paper where they use an infectious clone, either transfect a cell culture and then put the supernatant in the monkeys, or they just transfect the monkeys.
And he's not going to explain it, but he did say the word transfect once.
So he damn well knew that in April, 2020, that's what they were going to do to us.
They were going to transfect us.
his argument is that the primates don't make good models for SARS because the infection seems to be unpredictable much like it is with humans and then in that context I would use that fact to say all the more reason to be using primates under these circumstances and so he sort of finishes his letter to
to the journal, it's a long paragraph, so please bear with me.
So it says, perhaps the most interesting issue is that Lawler and colleagues, so this is another group, state that SARS, I won't do that one, but SARS generation one infection of Sinomogulus macaques did not reproduce the severe illness seen in the majority of adult human cases of SARS, to his knowledge.
Only Osterhaus's laboratory and laboratories from China have reported severe disease in SARS-infected macaques.
asked the house mentions that the variability in results may be due to factors such as the strain of the virus used which is critical keep that in mind and this is certainly true he says however he has not released the virus isolate used in these studies to me or my colleagues in spite of requests given that so many groups e.g the centers for disease control and prevention the united states army medical research institute of infectious diseases the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases etc which the last two are part of
Wow, this is a fantastic finding.
It makes me very excited.
This is Fauci's little fiefdom.
Wow!
With excellent scientific skills and credentials, have reported contradictory results with at least two strains of SARS.
It is troublesome that the use of non-human primates in SARS pathogenesis vaccine and therapeutic testing continues.
Wow!
He thinks that I'm going to be excited about it for the wrong reason, I think.
But we'll see.
I'm predicting that I'm going to be excited about it because it doesn't substantiate the new virus.
That link.
You need to send me that link.
Yeah, I'll put it in the comments right now.
Oh my gosh, I need to read that.
I need to follow that whole bibliography again.
Wow.
Fantastic finding.
So, um, so why would he not send that that's the question, right?
Well, so of course there's there may be and we need to dig into uh, the um, the other people, uh
Holy crap.
Whatever their names were, Huggmans and Osterhaus.
We need to dig into them a bit more.
We need to dig into Osterhaus a bit more.
He's not gonna dig into Osterhaus a bit more because if he did, he would have found out that he was part of this charade of establishing a impending pandemic from a single case in 2009 in the Netherlands for Mexican flu.
that resulted in him getting 35 million doses of a vaccine he designed, ordered.
So he's not going to see through it.
He's laying this down, laying down the debate, asking the wrong question.
Is a macaque a really good model for this or not?
rather than talking about the fact that the reason why they won't share it is because at that time, the use of recombinant clones as a virology substitute, i.e.
transfection and transformation of cell culture, had not really been established yet as the gold standard for virology.
And so sharing these isolates was a little more difficult because you might, in theory, just be given away the whole gas.
Now it's just accepted.
But this is at a time when that shit was all getting, that was all getting codified in 2002, three, four, five, during that time when SARS Urbani became an accepted thing to share.
No, I mean, not so much.
I mean, they were, they're in,
in the Netherlands, isn't he?
Yeah.
He's at the same lab that Fauché's at.
Fauché's the guy who did the ferret flu stuff in 2011.
He's at the same institute.
I don't think they've gone anywhere because they did publish data in 2011 with SARS still.
I think I want to say that that study was.
But the thing to keep in mind is that
scientists as they climb up that greasy pole become ever more sort of corrupt drunk with power and It's hard.
It's harder and harder to find people with what you would consider good intent good intentions with respect to what you think would be scientific questions in the interest of the public and he and so I don't you could only be guessing right now what would be the the bad blood between them, but I guess as
But I think one thing to make here is that this is not an email.
This is a published letter.
So this is extremely well-chosen language.
Maybe even run past a lawyer.
This is some serious stuff to publish.
It's not an email that we got through secondhand connections or something.
This is a publicly published text which says, something's fishy here.
And that's a very bold statement to make in this context, I think.
I would just put it down right now.
I would say give it the benefit of the doubt that people back up back up transfection It's because you get into this whole say give it the benefit to make it well
I would say give it the benefit of the doubt that people did try in transfection.
It's because you get into this whole issue of Cox postulates with respect to disease.
And that's a lot of what I've been sort of trying to sort of nail down.
Holy shit.
The viruses aren't.
Do you see it?
Do you see it right now?
I'm right.
I'm exactly right.
The finally I said it correctly at the red pill conference.
that virology in RNA form is essentially transformation and transfection of cell culture, that's it.
They have bamboozled us into believing that RNA virology exists in high fidelity in nature, when in reality, the only thing that exists is transfection and transformation.
And these primate models are just transfection of primates.
And you're told that this is a good model for severe acute respiratory syndrome virus.
The first self-replicating RNA pathogen that they decided to try and make in pure form and test in human experiments by releasing it in China.
How about that?
How about that idea?
And so it has been his job from the very beginning to make sure that I don't find out that word, that I don't come to that realization because I should, because I've transformed and transfected my mice for years.
Holy shit.
So we got a quick question from, it looks like it's from Juliet, just a recap of what we're talking about.
So Doc McCarron just sent me this particular published study.
And Dr. McCairn, do you want to explain it a little bit?
Can you do a paraphrase, perhaps?
So that's the letter that was published in response to the original paper, which, let me just put the link for the paper, which is just simply entitled Non-Human Primates, Models of SARS.
It's in the same journal.
And let's just see what the author's response is as well.
Let's just grab that link.
My response to Hogan would be that man is an idiot, I would say, coming from my perspective with respect to primate research, because by undermining and cutting out the legs of research done in the West, they made it ever more difficult to conduct research in the West and therefore has
left the terrain open to basically what I would say are ideological enemies to the West.
And, you know, this is where I want to sort of keep emphasising to people that as much as we want to hold our, you know, we have this clean house with respect to, I think I've just posted all the links in chat, but the surrendering of these advantages that we had, that our
I think he's making the argument that we are letting the Chinese get ahead of us because we aren't willing to do the experiments that they will Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that's the argument that he's making grandparents left to us and we surrendered the grounds to on the fact that
It says Robert J. Hogan on the screen in front of me.
Robert J. Hogan.
One, just in terms of the science, from a science perspective, was there was a great deal of hubris by scientists in the late 90s and in the early noughts where
Um, it was, you know, we figured, we figured we were close to mapping, uh, the human genome.
We'd map the genomes of other animals.
And then we thought that with that, we would be able to tackle all things under the sun.
And that, that just turned out to be a fantastically naive way of thinking about biology.
And you can't, um, uh, you, the,
The idea that it's just genes per se.
That's the smartest thing I've heard him say in years.
And everything just comes down to genes.
Well, you know, that's simplistic thinking.
Right.
And the
And I'm sort of sidetracking from the point I wanted to say.
And that is that we, we in the West have surrendered all the technical advantage we had with respect to the type of research that could be done, um, because people found it distasteful.
It, it, um, it hurt their feels that something as incorrigible as animal testing could be, uh, could be done.
And the,
We're paying the price for that now.
So we're having a debate about animal testing when the goal is to convert to human testing?
The goal is to roll out a transfection technology en masse and then keep track of placebo groups, keep track of different concentrations and different lipid nanoparticle combinations?
And he's arguing about animal experiments and whether or not the West is willing to do animal experiments when the actual game that is going to be played as we know it now.
is that they are going to shift us to testing on us.
And now that we know that, when we look back and realize that Kevin McCarron was having a long discussion about animal testing and how the West doesn't have the balls to do the animal testing that the East will do, you must see it as pretty extraordinary because he's not usefully getting us anywhere close to the exit of this cave, but instead
has convinced us to walk in the wrong direction and debate the wrong questions and never even come close to understanding that the idea is to create us or to create a world where we are the test subjects.
because it's just an axiom that if it can be done, it will be done.
And so it was done then by the Chinese.
And the thing is, it put us into a position where we started funding them to do the research for us.
And you can be damn sure that as these programs have
they do involve gain of function type research.
They also are dual use and any sort of endeavor, especially scientific endeavor in China, you're dealing with the Chinese, the People's Liberation Army.
And as bad as you think we are in the West, the Chinese are infinitely worse in
in any respect with in terms of human rights and but i am bored aren't you bored what is he talking about i mean what do you want me to say here of course i was bored it's the middle of the night we've been talking already for how long 53 minutes we haven't really said very much
This is like the fifth time, fifth weekend in a row that I've been online with these guys in the middle of the night on a Saturday.
So I don't know, whenever I'm doing this, like, what kind of comment is that?
Of course I'm bored.
Why am I not, why wouldn't I be bored when I'm talking to this guy about what he's talking about right now?
It was by design.
The, the,
disregard for human beings.
So I'll sort of stop there.
I don't want to be monologuing all the time.
Yeah, no, well said, Dr. McCarron.
I'm going to stop right there, right in the middle of a thought about nothing.
But yeah, if you have any other research papers you want to share, Dr. McCarron, during our chat tonight, just feel free to send them over because I know people in the comments
wanted the link, so I posted the link to that paper in the comments, which a couple of people did appreciate.
So yeah, I'll let Jonathan sort of look, and I'll start.
I mean, I should have them saved, but my desktop is a thing of chaos right now.
I'm always down here in the basement away from the children.
I don't have my laptop here.
Yeah, I just, I was thinking about that, that you have to be the, you're like the antipode of the sweaty, I forget the word that they use, but what's the, how do they describe the young kids who can't get girlfriends in the basement?
You have to be the- Incel.
Incel, that's right, yeah.
So Jonathan is the antithesis of that with, so you're sitting on sort of a plot of a few acres and a house with a wife and family, yet you're in the basement.
But please let me just sort of get my, see if I can find these papers, but I mean the message in them was clear and I don't know if Jonathan can speak to Koch's postulates with respect to disease and transfective agents and then that might sort of... Oh, she's giving me a test?
That's terrible.
As far as I understand that goes, it's something pretty simple, it's something
that biologically makes sense, it should make sense to anybody with like an eighth grade biological background.
The idea would be if you have somebody who's sick and you think that they're getting sick because of something in their mucus, then one very nice way to prove that would be to take that mucus and smear it on somebody who's healthy and then have them get sick in exactly the same way that you were sick.
Show the same symptoms, you know, develop the same course of infection and recover in the roughly same way and then you'd have some pretty good evidence that the agent or the antigen, the
whatever, the pathogen rather, that's causing the disease would have been in the mucus that you used to demonstrate this.
So then this would go all the way down to really being able to purify the virus and give that virus to someone else.
And when you give it to somebody who is healthy, they develop the same set of symptoms.
And so in theory, they should work.
But the trouble is, if this virus somehow can evoke a different bouquet of symptoms, depending on the order in which
tissues it infects are attacked.
So if the typical progression is one where the infection starts in the lungs or the throat and you're asymptomatic for five days and then it goes deeper in your lungs and you get pneumonia and then you have to go to hospital and the ventilators aren't really good for you and the ventilators do more damage and a lot of those people die, then that's one thing.
But if the
If the course of the infection is very variable when, for example, the person first loses their sense of smell and has a very dry cough, but no real fever or anything else.
And then the next thing that happens is that they can't breathe and they land up face down in the pavement because the virus progressed from being in their sinuses to being in the brain with none of the things that happened deep in the lungs.
But again, Cook's postulate becomes less relevant in this scenario because
not less relevant, but then you're forced to recapitulate also the infection course.
So did it primarily hit your sinuses first?
Did it primarily hit your deep nasals first?
Or did you first get it by ingesting?
Please see how I'm learning this on the fly.
I'm reading the immunology books right now.
I'm looking at the cartoons in real time during the week here as I'm still going to work, still trying to do experiments, just trying to keep it on my bike and at night.
And so I don't have a streaming setup.
This is just an iPad.
That's all I was ever doing with any of these streams.
And so the best that I can do is recapitulate what I've recently read.
And so I'm failing because I'm working under the assumptions that this narrative controlled op has put in front of me on TV and on social media and in people who decided to contact me on the internet.
And that could be another way that the viral infection manifests itself, and that makes it even more difficult for the doctors then to diagnose it, because then the viral load will be different and spread in different tissues depending on where you are and when it started.
That becomes quite complicated if the virus is using different methods of entering cells.
So it's really tricky right now, the number of unknowns.
I don't know how... Yeah, go on, finish your thought, Jonathan.
No, no, that was it, really.
Yeah, so I would sort of...
expand on that by tying it into the current social mix by saying that right now, because of the devil's bargain that's being played out in the U.S.
where, and I would say my own view towards... The devil's bargain in the U.S., wow.
I'm not an anti-vaxxer, but I think vaccines have an important place to play in the armamentarium of medicine.
He believes in vaccines.
They play an important role in the armamentarium of medicine.
And there you have it, ladies and gentlemen.
And why some people can
feel that the governments and state and federal authorities are overstepping the bounds by demanding that people take Or they're forced to go under a vaccine schedule that I would say is quite severe in the United States Anyway, and then what seems to be, you know, if we want to sort of push straight out straight out to the edge is that the people who were boycotting
having a demonstration in Michigan you know obviously they have concerns with respect to the fact that oh Castro God is here so we can get an explanation for PCR Castro God but I'll just I'll just lays you straight away sir as Castro God is someone who doesn't believe that viruses exist and doesn't and
doesn't understand the idea that Cox postulates have been demonstrated and as soon as you can demonstrate them in a animal of test or passage Cox postulates are Satisfied it's been done for years with With SARS and primates there's papers coming out as of this week with respect to the new strain of SARS and the
Now the important thing to remember about the Inflectious Clone idea is one that is important.
So if you make a sufficient quantity of it, it's possible that you could sample it and grow it and then you could even sample it and maybe it would, for a very brief period of time, be
I'm just saying, if they can make the DNA and RNA and put it in places, then we can't really be sure how that transformation or transfection will manifest in any of these diagnostics, in any of these preparatory methods, in any of these methodologies that they would use in the laboratory to do some of these basic experiments in macaques and stuff.
We don't know to what extent they could supercharge a patient like, let's say, Sohomish County man to essentially then just have somebody, you know, oh, yeah, here, this is the sample from the patient.
And then they put that in and now they have, you know, a few,
maybe a few grams of that pure DNA now that they say that they derived from the patient, but they didn't, they just swapped one vial with another.
And now the CDC carries this off and they have enough of that pure DNA to essentially send this clone anywhere they want to.
And as long as people apply the clone to Vero6 cells, they'll get a known result that they can use to recapitulate these disease states in animals or these seroprevalent changes in animals or these, you know, assays in cell culture.
And so it's a really interesting touchdown that the no virus people have never made, which is just a semantic one, which is most or all of RNA virology is based on transformation and transfection of cell cultures or animals with synthetic DNA or RNA.
You don't have to say that there's no viruses, viruses don't exist.
If you can explain that the methodology that they use is this methodology, and that's really it.
It would be so easy because then even a virologist who thought that they knew what they were doing, if they were to just check and say, oh, you know what?
I've actually all my life been using stuff that I've ordered out of this catalog, which is essentially just DNA that I've been putting on this cell culture and passaging three times.
And then whatever comes out at the end, I've been calling my viral starting point, which is
Jonathan Cooley's not wrong.
That's just me transfecting a cell culture and passaging three times.
Wow.
Have I been fooling myself this whole time?
Since cells can't do something they don't already do, then I'm just transfecting a cell and a cell's repackaging and copying stuff and repackaging and copying itself.
And then I'm putting those, the results of that onto a third cell culture and calling it virology.
And people could come to wake up to that.
But instead, by opening up with there are no viruses, it's like, well, wait a minute.
That seems weird.
I mean, if the idea is there are a bunch of dudes in the sky that are peeing on you, and you're trying to explain that to somebody by opening up with rain isn't real, how are you ever going to get them there?
And that's really the point we're talking about here is that somebody's pissing on me and telling me it's raining, but you don't want to tell people that they're not, you want to tell people that they're not wet.
And it's really extraordinary when you see that that no virus thing is exactly, that shtick has been applied exactly like that.
And he is like a dude who seeded the narrative that we had to pay attention to those people because that argument was so dangerous, but it was also so seductive.
And they knew it.
That's why he said his name twice in the beginning of this.
If you listened to the first five minutes, you would have heard Andy Kaufman's name twice.
That's not by accident.
The whole premise of there being no such thing as an infective virus is, you know, you're just at a level of being duped where, should you just avoid this particular bullet through luck?
If your incredulity, or credulity, I should say, not incredulity, but allows you to- I think it's incredulousness.
Yeah, whichever way you want to put it.
To me, if you're thinking that reality is so rubbery and so slippery that you can have
you can believe the earth to be flat, viruses are not real, and everything is all a conspiracy.
See, so if you put, we didn't go to the moon in the same bucket as flat earth and in the same bucket as there's no viruses, we don't escape.
And that's basically what he did there.
He can put 5G in there too, and now everybody has no useful map to get out anywhere.
And he's just asking you to ask the wrong questions over and over.
If you're thinking that reality is so rubbery and so slippery that you can believe the earth to be flat, viruses are not real, and everything is all a conspiracy, then there's not going to be much hope for you with respect to navigating
As a Kelvin fan at first, but he's not to be frank.
Well, like I say he very said Andy Kaufman's name again Dr. Cowen, so he's another sort of no virus individual and I
And Tom Cowan and now needs an invite and an invitation or what like I mean it's discord earlier and you know, if you can't if you can't even be bothered to do the most cursory of Investigation which is well if you want to start saying that SARS hasn't complied with Cox postulates go and go and check it and don't go being duped by Why is Kevin being a liar and what respect am I being a liar?
You're who said he was being a liar.
You see this is so weird.
He's already.
Oh my gosh into my discord if you want we'll put that up and the I like and I'll just put a link to my discord and you can you can see where he's put in dr. Thomas Cowan who dr. Thomas Cowan is an individual that believes that the
the heart doesn't pump blood, okay?
And there's some other sort of physiology going on.
And look, I don't have a problem with thinking that biology is an electrical phenomenon first, that the wet biochemistry that we see associated with it is the sort of framework
that instantiated, but in that respect, you're just in a chicken and the egg, one needs the other, you can't just isolate one.
And the now let him be let him that it's good.
It's good to the
it's good to let them sort of come out into the open, because then you can address the questions.
And I would say this is probably a bit more informative for the general public than us sort of just bringing up citations for papers, because then that becomes a bit of a sort of technical slog.
And I'm not sure how useful it is, but like I say, my Discord looks like it's been sort of,
popping since it's that's what it always tells me so I'm gonna copy his link so this is who as I busted Kaufman one of his main planks had been taken away with respect to saying that viruses aren't real here's one of his second full backs and he wants to rely on and let's say we'll go through the infectious myth
and we'll copy that link and we'll go through it and we'll start dismantling it.
And you know, Cox postulates a bit like trying to argue against the law of gravity.
Now, if you want to come forward with new and exciting models for gravity, and you've done the research and you've done the thinking and the study to sort of come up against breakdowns in the experimental paradigm, and you've got something coherent to say,
then I'm all ears because I want to hear from people like this.
People who just watch a YouTube video and do some degree of what they think is due diligence by
Kizzy.
I love Kizzy.
Kizzy sort of hangs around my Discord.
Oh, you know Kizzy, too?
Yeah.
She's very funny.
Oh, you know Kizzy, too?
So, okay, I'm going to pause it right here because I understand that we don't need to watch the next two hours that are to come.
But there's two more hours.
And this was on the 18th of April.
Now, I want to show you another video that was recorded on the 20th of April because it's pretty incredible because it's again, Addy and Kevin, and I just want to watch a little bit of it so that you see what's going on here.
So on the 20th of April, they decided to do another one together, which is kind of strange if you think about it.
He was just on two days ago for three hours with me.
And now they're gonna do another one.
It's almost like they're rehearsing this shtick with an American flag in the back, not that different than Tommy.
It's almost like they're auditioning.
It's almost like they're auditioning to see who can rise in this little Peter Thiel, Elon Musk theater.
And they have a certain shtick that they have to follow, a certain recipe that they've been encouraged to follow.
And so they're gonna do things together until certain combinations hit it off, like maybe a Goodman and a Cullen or a McCairn and a Cottrell.
And in this case, maybe it was Webb and Cottrell.
that won out.
In the meanwhile, I have to go grab a water.
Give me a sec.
Going forward.
So we are going to be discussing Fauci.
Yes, that guy.
So there it is right there.
Neuroscience, Kyoto University, Japan.
Even though I showed you earlier in my PowerPoint presentation that we are actually dealing with
We are actually dealing with somebody who, where did I show that?
We are dealing with someone who was listed in the
the life science life site news excuse me on March 4th 2024 already listed as a guy who works for the Korean thing let me see where that is yeah right here a recent video featuring UK based wait what
Wait, what?
A recent video featured UK-based, what?
Excuse me, can you see my arrow?
A recent video featured UK-based Dr. Kevin McCarran explaining this mechanism.
McCarran, who first raised the alarm over the dangers of prion disease in 2020,
is a former neuroscientist at the Korean Brain Research Institute.
So no mention of Japan at all, actually, which is strange.
Not necessarily... That's weird.
I think it's kind of weird.
Anyway, let's listen.
You know who it is.
The usual suspect.
Come on, Kev.
I'm going to get back on here and get it a little forward.
Ingram and News.
And Dr. McCann.
I've just been prevaricating about going to sleep for three hours, but I'm glad I didn't, because I think what we're seeing right now is a very substantial move on behalf of, by the president.
right now.
And I would add, and I only caught a bit.
Look at how involved he is in American politics.
So involved that he's got to do another stream with George Webb, associate Addy ads two days after he did three hours with George Webb, associate Addy ads and Jonathan Cooley from Pittsburgh.
This is pretty extraordinary.
So this is April 2020.
This is three and a half days before Kevin McCarran is going to go on the Vance Crowe podcast and actually say it, you know, get it done.
Finally get somebody out there who knows what they're talking about because these, these, these, these scrubs that we've got doing it are not doing it very well.
So he's from Japan, but not anymore.
Apparently he's UK based according to the LifeSite.
news article from March 2024, so that's interesting.
The news transcript, I'm hoping you're going to be able to pull it up, but it sounded to me like he was asking the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Mike Miley, to investigate Mike Fauci.
Yeah, sorry.
Mike Miley is after Dr. Fauci, Tony Fauci, so that's potentially very explosive information.
And you know what I want to do, dude?
I just want to see if I can fire up my OBS without it breaking anything.
Let's see if it does.
If I cut out
I'll call straight back in.
Okay, I think we should be fine.
You know what the best spot is gonna be for this stock is probably Twitter.
Yeah, but I'm just thinking right now what we do is we just... Oh my gosh, he said it again just like in the last stream within the first five minutes he said the place where this is happening is Twitter.
Please tell me you saw that and heard it.
HOLY SHIT!
Think about how shitty that is in the face of a pending, you know, you're really, you're banking on the fact that you're gonna become famous in the next few years if you're talking shit like that.
That's weird.
Kevin W. McCarran, PhD, Kyoto University by way of England.
He's broadcasting live from Japan right now.
How do we sound here, Kev?
We're looking good, dude.
So I think the first thing to do is let's pin down the actual news, the press briefing by Donald Trump.
And I saw that it said 5-11 on the timestamp.
And I guess it's today.
And everything should be just up with Fauci's name, I would imagine.
So we need to pull up
the press conference a recording of it and we need to skip to the relevant parts because well there's there's a number of issues so obviously people are going to be this is this is where you're going to get into more chaos and people are going to keep jumping around and and as much as these sort of the
people like us that are trying to stream and they're all going to try and get sort of messages out.
And the thing that I'm worried about is immediately the thing I saw were people that were their 5G proponents.
Let's just call them that for now.
And in taking those positions and sort of coming after in a sort of public lynch mob for Fauci is they'll be able to sort of dismiss a lot of the sort of public hysteria about it because these people will be so glommed on to either like the anti-vaccination bandwagon or the anti-5G wagon and the
uh... that has potential to do so the anti-user dialogue i would imagine i'd like to say it's been a while since i lived in the u.s.
but uh... i do remember how partisan it was and uh... it seems even more so if you if you ask me right now so uh... i had like that let's let's just call them back for now and uh... in taking those positions and sort of coming after into the public lynch mob for falchi is uh... they'll be able to sort of dismiss a lot of the sort of public hysteria about it because these people will be so glommed onto either the anti-vaccination
bandwagon or the anti 5g and um the that has potential to just sort of skew the dialogue i would so anti 5g and anti vax are both bandwagons that we shouldn't want people on is a pretty interesting statement to make 2020 april 20th 2020 420 420 april 20th i'm kind of offended they didn't invite me
imagine, like I said, it's been a while since I lived in the U.S., but I do remember how partisan it was.
And it seems even more so if you ask me right now.
So.
Yeah, I agree.
So I don't know if you're getting links.
I'm just trying to.
Yeah, I am.
So it was from this morning, right, Doc?
I don't know.
I mean, this is this is my morning.
It's early, early morning for me.
And I'm on ABC's live stream today that they're doing.
Oh, I suppose it would be the White House one, right?
The White House briefing.
Yeah.
And so anything that, just looking in, because that's someone, I think it was Babu in my Discord.
So we were getting a little heated in our discussion, but.
Let me share my screen.
Let's see, so there's Addy.
And like I say, we're both, like I said, I think it should just try and go out to as many people as possible.
And let me just check my stream.
And so the words that I saw were that basically a young female reporter had asked the president and apparently they were just discussing it that morning.
I mean, to me, that's it would be disturbing to me that it had taken this long to sort of percolate up through the
the systems that, something of this sort of magnitude.
They didn't take it seriously as the narrative that the guy who doesn't live in America and has no idea how it is anymore, he's now pretty sure that's what's going on.
And he's telling Addy that when Addy's in America.
When a couple months later, Addy's gonna be on the courthouse steps of all these different places.
But right now, Addy's just decided to stream from a closet with a flag behind his back like Tommy.
It's strange, isn't it?
Because at some moment he becomes a little bit of a gumshoe and is, you know, doing a George Webb style reporting.
He even reported once from some conference and got to talk to Robert Malone outside of the conference on a bench.
Addie Adds did that a couple years ago already.
A conference that supposedly Steve Kirsch wasn't allowed to go into.
Or no!
Sorry, it might have been George Webb who wasn't allowed to go into it.
I can't even remember anymore all these bullshitters.
Because they're all on the same team.
They're all on the same team, which is team worst case scenario, to make sure that the worst case scenario of a lab leak, of an incapacitating agent, of a gain-of-function spike protein, of HIV inserts, of an unusual spherin cleavage site, or a DARPA proposal, all of these things needed curation, needed people to create an illusion of consensus of their significance.
And Kevin McCarron was one of those people that was put in place early, as was Anakin Skywalker, as was George Webb, as was Richard Fleming, and Jessica Rose, and Stephanie Seneff, and Steve Kirsch, and Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and Brett Weinstein, and Eric Weinstein, and Sam Harris, and Joe Rogan, and Jordan Peterson, because this is for all the marbles.
This is to enslave our grandchildren.
They're not messing around.
They put a few more than a few weeks and a few meetings into this.
Not being on the radar beforehand.
And I don't know how much of that comes down to Dr. Fauci's ability to sort of keep attention directed where he needs it, to basically just the sluggishness of government in general.
in my mind, how do we use this situation to our advantage to make sure that people are getting, I think there's a genuine call for justice to be called for, especially if there was a moratorium in place that caused Fauci's department to have the
research offshore, okay?
So, I mean, I have... Scooby-Doo narrative, April 20th, 2020, Scooby-Doo narrative.
I have to presume that somewhere, because we don't know what those papers look like prior to that, and this was the Obama administration that did this, and there's a lot, there's a strong argument for
So I have to presume that somewhere there was a minutes of a meeting taken where the decision was taken to suspend research in that sphere, and particularly
research to do with coronaviruses and SARS.
I think it more instructive to just speak about SARS because coronaviruses are a broad, a very, very broad definition.
We need to, we need to say SARS.
And, you know, a brief history and timeline is that in 2002 to 2003 in Dongdong province in China, the first case of SARS arose.
And I would say that sort of grumbled on for quite, quite some time.
And I actually think the death toll was, wasn't insignificant and that the
less than 800.
And from then, I guess that there was a lot of combined research because we know that I was speaking earlier about the primate research that's been done.
And so now we know that those viruses were being passaged through primate colonies, whether in China, in the Netherlands and in the U.S.
I can't speak to the U.S.
status.
So now the coronaviruses have been passage in all kinds of primates.
I would imagine that Fort Detrick must have
primate colony.
I would be surprised if they didn't.
Yeah, I would be surprised as well.
And that's what you're talking about as it pertains to this testing and SARS specifically, aren't you, Kevin?
Just the monkey testing in particular.
Yeah.
And just to hammer a point home, what you said earlier, so SARS is a coronavirus, but it's coronavirus is a broader general, excuse me, a broader categorization.
Is that accurate to say?
Yes.
Yeah.
So SARS is the more specific categorization of viruses.
So you can have, so, uh, and like I say, I'm not a virologist, so any virologist that are listening to this and catch this stream, um, should, uh, um, please forgive me.
I would love it if we could have watched the other video for longer, because at some point in that stream, he actually says that Jay's got a lot more experience than I do with using viruses, because I'm really just an in vivo guy and a behavioral guy and electrophysiologist.
It's actually brilliant.
your discipline but you know coronaviruses were known for a long time just to be associated with colds and flu and the I think they were just generally considered benign you know every animal as far as I'm aware they're embedded in their physiology and their ecosystems and you know and for some reason you know and we have to be careful about pointing fingers here because as much as the Fauci
vouchers of this world may be going to get what's coming to them.
The thing to keep in mind is that the Chinese did this as well.
Right.
We're not we're not alone in.
No one's blameless.
Right.
But because of the amount of people that could be harmed by a central position that needs to be looked at by now.
And you know what.
What I'm worried about is you're going to get the anti-vaxxers and the 5G weirdos jumping in and inhibiting us from being able to... There's a funny picture put in my...
The anti-vaxxers, the anti-vaxxers and the 5G people are the same pieces of shit.
He sounds a lot like Sam Harris here, if I'm not mistaken.
And the, uh, the 5G, the 5G weirdos jumping in, have been speaking about this, uh, this issue and the, uh,
What I'm worried about is you're going to get the anti-vaxxers and the 5G weirdos jumping in and inhibiting us from being able to... There's a funny picture put in my... Oh, in this one?
Yeah, I don't know if you can get that on screen.
But let me just try... Oh, yeah, I can do it.
Hold on.
So Addy's gonna put something on the screen for Kevin McCarron.
It's almost like he's playing the role of Goodman for Kevin McCarron.
It's like they're trying to find a good working relationship as streamer and talker.
Change the title of this.
So, you know, and let us not forget, right, that, okay, it's all right to turn the cannon on ourselves if we think there's a rat.
And there is, but let's not forget, this was all done hand in hand with China.
And you know what, I wouldn't put it past the Chinese to just be pissed at them not receiving the funding.
And, you know, just letting things slip a little so they, who said they don't, that many don't seroconvert, so how does that work with vaccines?
I don't know, like, this is the thing, I'm against the idea of mass vaccination for things like this.
It should be used.
Sorry, what?
I don't know, like this is the thing, I'm against the idea of mass vaccination for things like this.
It should be used if necessary.
So if maybe if you're in some sort of central position, that needs to be looked at very, very carefully right now, because we're already seeing that there's people sort of positioning themselves to make sure that they get this next market.
OK, and people need to be aware of how how these people work with respect to those markets.
So, like I said, we've already seen China force its population back to work.
And we don't know how well they've contained the disease itself.
Right.
It's.
Yeah, we don't.
And I mean, we know they're lying about their numbers, especially given how many people they have in their country.
Yeah.
Over a billion, 1.3 billion, I think.
It's more, I think.
Is it?
Yeah.
What is it like where you're at, Kevin, in terms of tourists?
Because when I lived in Japan, Chinese tourists, I mean, it's just they come all the time and they have a certain reputation, don't they?
It's collapsed, basically.
And, you know, you've got your Discord going in the background, I think.
The Japanese grumble about the Chinese when they're here, and now they're all pissy that they're not here, right?
And the... Let me just do this title.
So the Japanese...
And let's not forget, it wasn't that long ago that pretty much much of the world was on the hook to Hawaii for their 5G infrastructure, right?
It was the current president who put a standard, but basically, and I don't know how true, right?
Yeah, right.
Hoisting?
Yeah, they've just said, okay, you're done, dude.
from the bladder to the kidneys, to the lungs, to the brain.
And, you know, the reason, when you do a grant, right, this is a- People die, millions of people die.
That you say, look, we've done this, this, this, and then this is our preliminary data.
If you fund us, we will then- He's talking about preliminary data right here in April, 2020.
He's setting up the idea that the Diffuse Proposal is a real grant that says they already did experiments.
I shit you not.
And I didn't even know it was here.
I just randomly moved to it.
Listen carefully.
he's actually setting it up.
The bladder to the kidneys, to the lungs, to the brain.
And, um, you know, the reason that I got into this was because as I watched, uh, measure mentioning anti-vaxxers in the same sentence as people who are 5g conspiracy theorists is more than remarkable.
It is a sign that he has been a liar from the very beginning and an anti-American meddler, probably working for NATO or for Five Eyes, just like NATO NADs did.
People being, or supposedly patients coming down with it in China, it was very obvious to me that there was a neural component to the virus.
And I had a sort of cursory knowledge of there being
this element to SARS.
I know there are a number of different neurotrophic viruses.
The one everyone knows about is rabies.
And we use rabies in the lab because it's a good tracer for neural networks.
But even rabies, the handling of it can be done in a BSL2 laboratory.
So long as you're just using it as the vector for a tracing, you can
He claims to be the discoverer of the COVID zombie here on, on, and he joined in March of 2020 he joined Twitter and it says that he's followed by truth leaks and investigative journalist, George Webb.
Holy shit.
He's only got 173 followers in one of them is investigative journalist, George Webb.
His pinned tweet is Cameron Seidel, MD.
Well, I couldn't have done this any better if I would have just fallen face first into the butter when I was hungry for hot pancakes.
Holy shit.
You gotta be kidding me.
Somebody needs to go arrest this guy and bring him back to the United States for charges.
Charles Rixey went and spent a whole month at this trader's house.
It says discoverer of the COVID zombie.
It says joined March, 2020.
It says he has 173 followers and it says one of them is investigative journalist, George Webb.
Are you freaking shitting me?
His pinned tweet, his freaking Kyle Seidel.
Cameron Kyle Seidel.
You see that Mark?
They just put his Twitter up there and his pinned tweet, his Cameron Kyle Seidel MD.
Holy shit.
Well, if we haven't hit a home run right now, I don't know what to tell you, but this is the end of, the beginning of the end of these meddlers because they are all one group of anti-American meddlers.
And they never thought that this would happen.
They never thought that these things would be able to be tracked through one person's experience with dipshit after dipshit and liar after liar.
Trying to pretend that they don't know each other.
That these patterns are just accidental.
This is extraordinary, my friends.
Extraordinary.
I could have missed this.
It's so much, so many hours of bullshit to look through.
17 or 18 hours in the last month, Kevin McCarran has put up on his own website to make sure that we don't go back and look at how stupid they were in 2020.
How obvious they were in 2020.
Now that we know that
George Webb was already following him on Twitter and already had collaborated with Anakin Skywalker and already collaborated with Paul Cuttrell and for three years after this would still swear that Paul Cuttrell is the biggest medical hero of all.
He even burned Mark and I as assholes on a Twitter space and instead declare his loyalty to Paul Cuttrell in 2024.
Maybe it was 2023, but that's extraordinary because this is 2020.
That means it's three years of coordinated lying of that group alone.
Just that one little group.
How many people did they mess up?
How many people did they keep off track?
And how many of those groups are there?
If you think about Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and Robert, Jessica Rose and Matt Crawford and all these other people that are all connected behind the scenes, we're all in Steve Kirsch's little steering committee.
We're all meeting up in Panda.
Holy shit.
And you know,
culturing it and you're not tweaking it to make it sort of better or worse at spreading through the body, then you're, yeah, like I say, a P2 laboratory, most universities will have a P2 laboratory, right?
And BSL-free is usually the more extra.
I wasn't even gonna listen to this part because they're talking about BSL laboratories.
I just happened to click where they showed his Twitter head.
Did you see that, right?
That was by accident.
I didn't even mean to do it.
It just kind of happened where they showed it, that it's his pinned tweet, his Kyle Seidel, and he joined in March of 2020.
And these guys have already decided that, you know, Twitter is where this is all happening.
And Kevin, Kevin McCarran agrees.
And Kevin McKernan rather agrees.
Four days after this, on the Vance Crowe podcast, that Twitter is really where this discussion is happening.
And then four years from now, we're still arguing about whether free speech is being preserved on Twitter or not.
And you still think that we're having a lot of free will and what hamster wheel we're running in?
Wow.
Culturing it and you're not tweaking it to make it sort of better or worse at spreading through the body.
Then you're,
Yeah, like I say, a P2 laboratory.
Most universities will have a P2 laboratory.
I'm going to leave it right there.
BSL3 is usually the more extreme end.
I have a feeling that he's not going to say anything useful here and finding that Twitter head is a great place to end.
This is just insane.
I never thought it would be this easy.
We're still shooting fish in a barrel with no water.
And these people are liars.
They are extraordinarily lying.
And the culmination of this for me has been the bringing together of these two meddlers, the foreigner,
named Kevin McCairn and the American named Kevin McKernan in a LifeSite News article in March 4th, 2024, and to know that they've been in my timeline since 2020, lying to me about Paul Cuttrell, George Webb, and all the stuff that they know or don't know, so that now, at this stage, they could be brought together in front of the Australian
public in front of the Australian Health Canada equivalent and be allowed to be elevated as an expert on the level of a Human Genome Project sequencing expert named Kevin McKernan in the same article.
And they actually use the words how he too attempted to raise concerns over the relation of prion disease with the mechanisms of mRNA treatments.
I have two different interviews with Kevin McKernan.
I wonder if he says anything about prions.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people are traitors.
The Americans are traitors and the, sorry, I got to get rid of that sign.
And the rest are foreign meddlers trying to assist in the controlled demolition of America.
And we cannot allow it.
You've got to break free of them.
You've got to break free of these people because they are lying to us.
Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn have been lying to us since early 2020, probably in concert, probably coordinated by Robert Malone himself.
Robert Malone may be the DITRA guy that's working for the DOD and doing this Psy war that he says you'll never figure out because
5th Generation Warfare is so crazy that they play their forward-facing commercial every time they give a speech about it.
This guy is 5th Generation Warfare, and lying about how he's related to all these other people is 5th Generation Warfare.
And CHD pretending to be a good organization but actually being sabotaged at the top is part of the 5th Generation Warfare.
and putting these people in front of Congress and thinking that that's supposed to represent progress toward the truth is also fifth-generation warfare.
And putting me on a podcast with them and pretending that they're listening to me for an hour is also fifth-generation warfare, especially when all those people agree to lie to someone like Byron Bridle about it.
It's also fifth-generation warfare, and it doesn't matter whether these people know they're participating or not.
They are performing the same thing that this guy warned could be done.
Coordinated groups of liars lying about the relationship they have with each other and we are all screwed.
That's what you see happening here.
This is as close to the truth as anybody's bothered to get and that includes those people up there who could have gotten us here closer a lot faster than they did.
We don't need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
We need to fear the coordinated lies of these people.
The coordinated lies of these people.
The coordinated lies of these people is what we have to fear.
Because their coordinated lies constitute a limited spectrum of debate that we are all trapped in and that we are being coerced into giving to our children.
We cannot allow this to happen.
We must stop it.
Escape out of here and end this show because we've got too many slides there.
I was back up in there.
I thought I was in a different place.
I thought I was right here, actually, and I only had a few slides, but these are the people, and they are coordinating the lie to us.
They are hiding that fact by pretending that they haven't been doing it since the very, very beginning, that they came together by random, never to acknowledge any of the basic sacred biology we could have been to already a long, long time ago.
Certainly there was enough momentum after the release of the movie Vax that we could have gotten to this point, but we didn't.
And it was by design, it was by sabotage.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
I'm gonna go on a Zoom meeting with a group of people from Canada or wherever they're from, if that guy is still in the chat.
Send me a link and I'll show up.
I'm gonna go get a drink of water.
Like I said, stop transfection in healthy humans.
They're trying to eliminate the control group.
If you liked it, please share the work.
And if you can, please go to gigahomebiological.com and support.
Find a way to do it once or a little.
It's you.
Send the link.
You're in Texas.
I'll be there in about five minutes.
And if you want to share the replay share streamed on the old bio because they can hear the music there won't be any censorship And that's our website like we pay for it the people that support the stream that are listed on this This thing here these guys pay for it.
So share the stream at streamed on giga ohm bio or share the discussion at giga ohm bio and
Both of which are part of this.
Sorry your but your names are behind that black.
I'll fix that my bad Thanks very much for joining me guys, and I'll see you guys again soon